As we approach Darigold ’s 
second century in business, 
the world is conf ronted with 
unprecedented challenges.

We are taking signiicant steps 
to meet those challenges.

In this, our irst Corporate Social 
Responsibility report, we share 
our progress in our commitment 
to sustainability — along with the 
work that we have yet to do.

At left:
Bill Wavrin, DVM
Darigold farmer-owner
Mabton, Washington

Welcome to Darigold/Northwest Dairy Association’s irst Corporate Social 
Responsibility Report. While we have been stewards of our dairy animals, 
lands, and communities for generations, more recently we have begun to focus 
systematically on corporate social responsibility. Our irst step was to assess 
our current performance in the economic, environmental, and social areas 
that matter most to our stakeholders and to us as an organization. his report 
presents the comprehensive assessment we conducted. Next, we are committed 
to setting improvement goals and to driving better performance. We welcome 
your feedback and engagement. 

Table of Contents

About his Report 
his initial Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) Report is our 
open and honest look at the ways 
in which we do business. It ’s about 
deepening our understanding of our 
key environmental and social impacts, 
and innovating ways to address them. 
All data published in this report 
cover calendar year 2009, unless 
otherwise noted. 

he performance metrics relect our 
most critical impact and opportunity 
areas and serve as a baseline f rom 
which we will drive improvements. 
Our current data and metrics on 
CSR performance represent a fair 
perspective, encompassing most 
(although not all) of our operations, 
with data collected as diligently as 
currently possible. 

Our report was prepared with reference 
to the Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI) G3 guidelines. We self-declare 
this report to be GRI Level C. his 
report is not audited but represents the 
best information available through our 
internal management systems. It was 
written collaboratively by more than a 
dozen Darigold employees representing 
the diferent areas of our company.


Corporate Social Responsibility at Darigold and NDA 
A Message f rom Our Farmer-Owner Board of Directors
A Message f rom Our President & CEO
About Darigold/NDA — Our Brand Promise
About Darigold/NDA — Paciic Northwest Leader W ith Global Reach  
Our Strategic Commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility
Our Corporate Social Responsibility Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities
Key Performance Indicators Summary and Highlights

Prosperity : Creating Long-Term Value
Signiicant Economic Impact on the Paciic Northwest 
Increasing the Economic Value We Deliver in hese Challenging Financial Times
Investing to Sustain Our Economic Strength
An Economic Engine
Donating to Our Communities

Stewardship: Caring for the Natural Environment
On Our Farms
Animal Well-Being
Preserving Our Natural Resources
In Our Processing Plants 
Energy Consumption and Our Carbon Footprint 
Waste, Emissions, and E(cid:29) uents 
Water/Compliance/Food Safety 
 
Environmental Management System 
In Our Supply Chain 
Hauling and Transportation
Logistics
Purchasing
Packaging Improvements
Small and Disadvantaged Businesses
Sustainable Forestry Initiative

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Community : Caring for Our Customers, Our Employees, Our Neighbors
Product Responsibility
Nutritional Value of Dairy Products
Improving Our Products’ Health Beneits 
Partnering and Products to Encourage Healthy Eating 
Caring for Our Employees
Workforce, Diversity, and Inclusion
Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination
Learning and Development 
Safety
Employee Beneits
Contributing to Our Communities

In Closing 
Corporate and Sustainability Governance
Invitation for Feedback and Dialogue
   

4

Our cooperative structure — with our farmers being the 
owners of Darigold — gives us the opportunity to promote 
continuous improvement f rom farm to table. 

A Message f rom Our 
Farmer-Owner Board of Directors

Darigold ’s dedicated farmers and employees have been 
producing high-quality nutritious dairy products in a 
responsible manner for more than 90 years. For the more 
than 500 member-owners who provide the milk for Darigold 
products, dairy farming is not simply a job — it is a way 
of life. For generations, we have lived our commitment to 
preserving resources, knowing that being good stewards of 
the land and animals is the right thing to do. We know we 
have important work to do — to help feed society in a way 
that is responsible and efficient.

As a Farmer-owned Cooperative, We Are Invested 
In Improving 
We are proud to report that we have been actively improving 
efficiencies throughout our supply chain. Our cooperative 
structure — with our farmers being the owners of Darigold — 
gives us the opportunity to promote continuous improvement 
f rom farm to table. Our member-owners have a vested 
interest in strengthening each step of the process, including 
reducing waste, conserving precious natural resources, and 
innovating breakthrough efficiencies.

Dairy Production Has Improved Significantly Over The Years
Over the past 50 years, dairy producers have improved 
quality and created enormous efficiency gains. For example, 
the attentiveness given to our herds is substantial, including 
on-site animal nutritionists, veterinarians, and managers. 
These improvements positively impact not only the quality 
of milk and our cows’ overall health, but also the carbon 
footprint of dairy — because the productivity gains have 
significantly reduced the carbon footprint per gallon of milk. 
We look forward to working collaboratively to continue 
this trend. Reducing carbon also reduces costs — exactly the 
kind of “win-win” we are building with our Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) initiatives.

Our Dairy Producers Are Vital Parts of Our Northwest 
Communities Both Socially and Economically
In addition to making improvements on environmental 
issues, we have a significant and positive impact within 
the communities we serve. Darigold ’s farmer-owners and 
plant employees are deeply embedded in their communities, 
serving in leadership capacities in many social, civic, and 
religious institutions. Beyond these commitments, our 
economic effects are dramatic. For each cow on a dairy, 
an estimated $15,000 is added to the local economic base. 
So, we are not just about cows — we are about families, 
communities, and consumers.  

Focusing on Energy Efficiency and Environmental 
Stewardship Is Improving Our Cost Competitiveness
In transportation and plant operations, our cooperative 
has achieved breakthrough gains in resource efficiency 
and environmental performance, thereby improving our 
competitive position in the marketplace. These emerging 
capabilities have helped extend our low-cost position while 
driving margin growth and owner value. We understand 
that investing for growth through innovation benefits all 
interested stakeholders — our member-owners, employees, 
and consumers.

Innovation to Serve Our Customers Provides Differentiation
Collaborating with our customers to understand their CSR-
related technical product and service requirements reveals 
new opportunities for improvement and innovation. This 
mutually-beneficial process improvement provides strategic 
differentiation and improves our competitive positioning.

Economic Pressure Continues To Be Severe — Thus We Are 
Committed To Using CSR As A Base For Renewed Prosperity
As we continue to pursue economic, social, and 
environmental well-being, our member-owners are under 
severe financial duress, prompted by depressed milk prices 
and continued high input costs. Until there is increasing 
growth in the global economy, with a better balance 
of demand with supply, the financial viability of our farms 

will remain uncertain. Thus we have a strong imperative to 
tenaciously advance efficiency gains. Economic survival for 
our dairy producers is central to our CSR work. 

Challenges Are Significant — and Our Opportunities to 
Contribute and to Grow Are Clear
We are at the heart of addressing society ’s challenge of 
finding viable solutions to feeding a world of six billion 
people — soon to be seven, eight, and nine billion. Similar 
to the challenges of other industries, the transition to 
industrial agriculture over the past couple of generations has 
raised concerns about consequences to ecosystems, water, 
biodiversity, climate change, health, communities, and animal 
well-being. We at NDA/Darigold are working to more fully 
understand, assess, and mitigate any negative impacts, and 
to amplify our positive effects and contributions. We have 
a clear, unwavering, long-term commitment to Corporate 
Social Responsibility. It makes sense for our business, our 
member-owners, and our future.

Jim Werkhoven
Board Chair

6

A Message f rom 
Our President & CEO

Darigold is particularly well-positioned compared to most 
other dairy processors because we operate our entire value 
chain, f rom farm to customer.

Darigold and our Northwest dairy farmers have been 
committed stewards of the land, and of the animals in 
our care, for nearly a century. Many of our dairies are 
multi-generational, and we are woven into the fabric of 
our communities. As a result of our taking good care of 
the land and the animals, they have taken good care of 
us — supporting a healthy life for our dairy families and 
employees and creating healthy products that have been 
loved by consumers for four generations.

New Challenges
As we approach Darigold ’s second century, though, the 
world is conf ronted with unprecedented challenges. Our 
planet is under pressure as six billion people reach toward 
higher protein diets and improved standards of living, 
straining environmental systems. Customers, consumers and 
stakeholders now require more data about environmental and 
social impacts — and they expect significant improvements. 
Our dairy producers are enduring more economic hardship 
than any of us have witnessed in over 70 years.

It is within this context that Darigold has begun to actively 
engage in dialogue and actions about corporate social 
responsibility — about the best ways for us to understand 
“sustainability,” to meet our customers’ expectations, and to 
play our part in helping bring leadership and wisdom to this 
important set of challenges.

Emerging concerns about climate change, industrial 
agriculture, water, health and biodiversity present challenges 
more severe than those we have faced before, as producers or 
as a larger society. So we are called upon — by our 

customers and neighbors, by society, by our own evolving 
understandings — to do more. We intend to build on our 
historical foundation as stewards and to create wise, effective 
and lasting solutions to these challenges.

Committed to Our Farmer-Owners and Our Customers, 
We’ve Begun Our Assessment
We began our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) work 
by affirming two core commitments: (1) as a farmer-owned 
cooperative, our objective is to sustain long-term value 
for our member-owners; and (2) Darigold is dedicated 
to enhancing our customers’ lives, just as we have been 
trusted to do since 1918. W ith these commitments as our 
guideposts, we started our CSR initiative by systematically 
collecting data to tell us what our true performance is today 
in all major environmental and social areas. We are sharing 
that data with you in this report.   

Next Steps: Build on Our Solid Performance to Drive 
Improvement
Our next step is to set and achieve tangible goals for 
improvement. Overall, our current performance data show 
that we have been performing well compared to our peers, 
and to our own historical benchmarks. That ’s good news for 
our producers, customers, communities and our environment. 

Stepping Up to Serious Challenges
There are, however, serious challenges ahead. Concerns 
about climate change, for example, conf ront us as a society, 
and the dairy industry as an integral member of our society 
contributes to the carbon emissions problem. We are making 
progress in reducing our carbon footprint in our processing 
operations and transportation. We have also joined with the 

entire dairy industry in beginning the extremely challenging 
task of assessing and reducing the carbon footprint of our 
dairies. Similarly, we are facing up to the issues of water, 
waste, and healthy nutrition— understanding our current 
situation and determining wise approaches.

Darigold is Strategically Well-Positioned to Increase Our 
Competitive Advantage Through Sustainability
Our strategy is based in large part on customer intimacy —
knowing in detail what our customers want and providing 
it better than anyone else. Our customers, as well as our 
consumers, are asking loud and clear for products produced 
in environmentally responsible ways f rom companies with 
strong CSR commitments. Darigold is particularly well 
positioned in this regard compared to most other dairy 
processors because we operate our entire value chain, f rom 
farm to customer. As we improve in each step of our supply 
chain — and we will — we will strive to offer our customers 
dairy products that are among the most greenhouse-gas-
f riendly in North America, due to our collaboration across 
our entire value chain. This will be a key competitive 
differentiator for our Darigold products. In the short term, 
we have helped our member-owners to weather today ’s 
difficult economic times by paying them an average of more 
than 20% return on their equity above the base price of milk 
over the past three years. Building sustainability across our 
value chain will promote their long-term prosperity. Our 
customers can also be confident that, f rom our farms to 
consumers’ tables, our dairy products will be as sustainable as 
any in North America — part of the Darigold brand promise 
they can trust.

We Have Achieved Several Early Successes
Although our initial focus was on collecting data about 
our current performance, we already have several exciting 
success stories to share. We have saved tens of thousands of 
dollars with our water conservation and recycling work. Our 
“caseless” initiative has been a big win for customers, for our 
operations, and for the environment, and is used nationally as 
an example of sustainability-focused innovation. Our plants 
are making great strides in reducing energy use, while our 
hauling group has achieved breakthroughs in fuel use, noise, 
and quality through a series of initiatives and investments.

We Invite You to Engage With Us
We are committed to doing more. We are preparing now to 
set improvement goals based on knowledge of our baseline 
performance. We have nearly a century of experience and 
competence at sustaining the land, the animals, and the 
people involved in dairy production. At the same time, the 
new challenges before us are formidable. We look forward 
to engaging in this important work with integrity and in 
the spirit of collaboration and improvement. Thank you 
for your interest and support. We welcome your comment 
and dialogue.

John Underwood
President and CEO 

8

Introduction

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

About Darigold/NDA 

Our Brand Promise

Dedicated to Enhancing our 
Customers’ Lives Everyday. 
Since 1918, Darigold has taken great 
pride in producing dairy products with 
unsurpassed quality. hat ’s who we are: 
a farmer-owned cooperative dedicated 
to providing our customers with the 
inest dairy products in the world. As 
the fourth largest farmer-owned dairy 
cooperative in the United States, our 
responsibilities as a corporate citizen 
also extend to the wider communities 
that we impact. From our 500-plus 
member farms to our more than 1,300 
employees, we are committed to doing 
business in a way that yields economic 
prosperity, enhances environmental 
stewardship, and fosters community 
and social responsibility.

Darigold/NDA: A Histor y of our Brand 

First in Quality, Taste, Value, 
and Service.
his dedication is not a new idea, but 
one that is deeply ingrained within 
us. As long-term stewards of the land, 
many of our member-owners farm on 
multi-generation dairies, producing 
high-quality nutritious food for their 
families, neighbors and communities. 
Our manufacturing plants utilize some 
of the latest technology, and both farms 
and processing plants employ sound 
environmental practices to ensure the 
land, air and water are healthy for 
future generations.

Farmer-owned and Trusted Since 1918.
Headquartered in Seattle, Washington, 
Darigold, Inc. is the marketing and 
processing subsidiary of the Northwest 
Dairy Association, a dairy cooperative 
made up of more than 500 independent 
dairy producers throughout the 
Northwest. As a cooperative, we share 
proits with our member-owners 
rather than with public or private 
shareholders. Darigold produces and 
sells a full line of dairy-based products 
for retail, foodservice, commodity and 
specialty markets. We are one of the 
largest U.S. dairy processors, with sales 
of almost $2 billion annually. Darigold 
brings our products to market through 
two business units, the Consumer  
 
 

1918
Five Puget Sound 
co-ops join 
marketing forces 
to create the 
United Dair ymen’s 
Association. 

1920 
Consolidated 
Dair y Products 
Company is 
formed to 
market UDA 
milk. 

1925
The UDA holds a 
picnic at which a prize 
is offered for the person 
who could come up 
with the best name 
for the Association’s 
products. The winner 
is “Darigold ” which 
continues to be the 
flagship brand today. 

1929
UDA 
purchases 
Consolidated.

1951
UDA buys 
Los Angeles 
dair y Western 
Dair y Products 
and begins 
an aggressive 
marketing efort 
in Southern 
California. 

1953
Darigold adopts 
the familiar 
yellow and red 
“daisy ” logo which 
is used until the 
late 1990s. 

1954
A sur vey by the 
Seattle T imes inds 
Darigold Butter 
to be the most 
popular among 
consumers, far 
surpassing all other 
dair y brands in 
preference.

1960s
Twelve Puget 
Sound dair y 
associations 
merge to form 
the Northwest 
Dair ymen’s 
Association. 

Darigold ’s Tacoma Retail Distribution Center circa 1932. 

Products Division and the Ingredients 
Division, and operates 11 plants 
throughout the Northwest, processing 
over eight billion pounds of milk 
annually in the service of our dairy-
farm families.

Our Competitive Difference 
he temperate climate of the 
Northwest means our cows consistently 
rank among the healthiest and most  

productive in the United States. Our 
cooperative ownership structure, 
combined with the shared commitment 
of our entire value chain, enables us to 
achieve chain-of-custody and quality 
controls that are superior to our less 
vertically-integrated competitors. his 
commitment of our whole system 
assures our customers that their 
sophisticated and evolving expectations 
for both our products and our social 

and environmental impacts will be fully 
met. Our producers range f rom small 
family farms to large-scale operations 
using state-of-the-art farm technology. 
As a progressive dairy cooperative, we 
believe in sustainable farming and are 
committed to meeting our customers’ 
evolving requirements for superb 
quality, environmental responsibility, 
and community development. 

1973
he Spokane 
Milk Producers 
Association unites 
with the NDA and 
Darigold enters the 
“Inland Empire.”

1981
Consolidated 
purchases 
Maylower 
Dair y and 
expands into 
the Oregon 
market.

1984
he Darigold 
trademark becomes 
so well known and 
respected that it 
is adopted as the 
oicial corporate 
name, Darigold, Inc.

1991
W ith the purchase 
of the Dair ymen’s 
Creamer y 
Association, 
Darigold brand 
products move 
into Idaho.

1997
he 44 year old 
Darigold “daisy ” 
logo is updated 
in preparation 
for the new 
millenium.

1999
Darigold, 
Inc. adopts 
the name 
WestFarm 
Foods.

2006
he company 
re-adopts 
the name 
Darigold, Inc.

10

Introduction

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

11

About Darigold/NDA 

Paciic 
Northwest 
Leader With 
Global Reach
The Darigold brand of dairy products 
is a recognized staple throughout the 12 
western states in the United States. As 
we expand our geographic footprint, we 
are committed to continuing to provide 
quality and service to our customers 
and the communities in which we 
operate, as well as to minimizing our 
environmental impacts.

Darigold is also known globally 
as a high-quality supplier of dairy 
ingredients. Our customers range f rom 
small independent food processors 
to very large multi-national food 
companies with household names.

In 2009, Darigold ’s total export revenue 
was over $500 million with significant 
sales in Mexico, Canada, South 
America, the Middle East, China, 
Japan, Thailand, Philippines, and 
Indonesia. We proudly partner with 
food companies that are helping meet 
the growing demand for more dairy 
protein, calcium, and better nutrition. 

12

Introduction

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

CSR at Darigold / NDA

Our Strategic Commitment
to Corporate Social Responsibility

Corporate Social Responsibility 
is a Core Component of 
Our Business Strategy
We see our corporate social 
responsibility platform as increasingly 
instrumental in achieving our core 
business objectives — and meeting 
the expectations of our customers, 
consumers, and communities. 
Sustainability, or Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR), is a defining 
business proposition of this century. 
Through demonstrating high 
performance in the areas of economic 
prosperity, environmental stewardship, 
and social/community responsibility, 
we are positioning ourselves to compete 
at a much higher level and succeed 
at meeting the current and emerging 
requirements of the global marketplace. 

The visible benefits of sustainability 
encompass our entire supply chain, 
f rom cow to consumer. At the farm 
level, we are assessing our performance 
and impacts — and sharing openly 
our producers’ effective management 
practices in feed and milk production. 
Transportation and logistics efficiencies 
yield immediate and enduring cost

O U R   CO R E   P U R PO S E :   

Provide a secure market for our owners’ milk while maximizing its value. 

O U R  V I S I ON :   

Create an organization that will be recognized as the most efective producer 
cooperative in the United States, that consistently increases the value delivered 
to members, employees and customers, and whose membership is sought by 
the vast majority of dairy producers in the Northwest.

O U R  VA LU E S : 

Leading Change, Teamwork, Customer Focus, Honest Communication, 
Integrity

savings. At the processing level, 
CSR yields bottom-line performance 
improvements by driving waste 
reduction and improving energy 
efficiency. Beyond production and 
processing, we are developing a 
platform for building value-based 
relationships with key customers and 
creating innovative new products. In 
short, the impact of sustainability is 
positive for both the top and bottom 
lines of our organization.

Darigold launched a comprehensive 
strategic planning process in 2008. 
Our commitment to sustainability is 
underscored in our strategic plan, which 

includes our objective to “optimize the
entire supply chain in a sustainable 
manner (Cow to Customer).” 
Sustainability performance indicators 
are an integral part of our strategic 
objectives and our operational activities.

Corporate social responsibility in 
Darigold is not an initiative with 
a defined end state. We recognize 
the challenges we face in advancing 
towards world-class sustainability 
performance levels. Assessing and 
openly sharing both our challenges and 
successes within this Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) Report is an 
important first step.  

“We have been and will continue to be among the leaders of the conversation both regionally and 
nationally about corporate social responsibility in dairy.” 

S T EV EN   ROW E ,  S EN IO R  V I C E   P R E S I D EN T   A ND  G EN ERA L   CO U N S EL

“As we meet with our key strategic customers globally, the question of sustainability is f requently raised. 
A common key criterion among our customers for being a supplier is consistency. If we do not commit 
to sustainability, we will not be a consistent supplier in the long term — which puts our business at risk.” 

D ERMO T   CA R E Y ,  S EN IO R  V I C E   P R E S I D EN T,  I NG R ED I EN T S  D I V I S IO N

“Corporate social responsibility is part of our brand promise that helps assure our commitment 
to that promise.”

B R I A N   L I N N E Y ,  S EN IO R  V I C E   P R E S I D EN T,  CO N S UM ER   P ROD U C T S  D I V I S IO N

What Our Corporate Social 
Responsibility Report Means to 
Darigold/NDA
In this initial CSR report, our goal was 
to understand our key environmental 
and social impacts and honestly assess 
our current level of performance 
in areas that are important to our 
stakeholders. This report has been 
designed to organize all the various 
initiatives that we have in progress 
under one umbrella. We have, for 
example, been making significant 
improvements in our carbon footprint, 
in water use, and with our safety and 
environmental management systems.  
This CSR report provides a forum 
for everyone to see those efforts and 
to understand how we will begin to 
integrate them even more effectively 
for greater improvement in the future. 
Finally, this report is an opportunity 
for us to communicate directly with 
all our stakeholders, so they will better 
understand both the successes we 
have achieved and the challenges that 
still conf ront our company and our 
industry. The report covers three core 
components of our corporate social 
responsibility : Economic Prosperity, 
Stewardship, and Community.  

Focus on Materiality
We designed our report by 
collaborating with a variety of internal 
and external stakeholders to gain their 
input as part of our initial materiality 
assessment. Throughout the process 
of identifying our key sustainability 
performance indicators, feedback was 
collected f rom:
ß Darigold management 
ß Employees f rom cross-functional
  areas
ß Corporate customers
ß Member-owners 
ß Dairy industry leaders 
ß Consumer focus groups and surveys
We compared our measurements to 
GRI*-based performance indicators, 
and then selected metrics that align 
with both our stakeholders’ interests 
and with GRI-related indicators. 
Our initial metrics reflect the most 
significant, most material social, 
environmental, and economic impacts 
relevant to our business. We will 
gradually evolve our measures as we 
further improve our performance while 
meeting more advanced GRI standards.  

Our Sustainability Priorities
Darigold senior managers identified 
key strategic sustainability priorities 
to help guide our improvement 

Our 6 Sustainability Priorities  
for 2010-11:

1.  Use sustainability to deepen
customer relationships and 
increase business growth.
2.  Reduce our carbon footprint.
3.  Improve our environmental
 
 
stewardship — focus on  
conservation of natural resources.
 
4.  Assure and improve animal  
 
  well-being.
5.  Educate employees in key aspects  
  of sustainability.
6.  Educate member-owners in key   
 
aspects of sustainability.

efforts. The top four priorities reflect 
our commitment to integrating 
sustainability into our operations to 
better serve our customers and improve 
our environmental performance. 
To achieve these four, we are also 
dedicated to the other two priorities of 
educating both our employees and our 
member-owners to help all of us better 
contribute to our success. For FY 2010-
11, we have identified specific activities 
centered around sustainable use of 
resources and building our culture 
and talent.

*Global Reporting Initiative, the de facto global standard guidelines for CSR reporting.

14

Introduction

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

15

Our Corporate Social Responsibility Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
Our Corporate Social Responsibility Impac

Darigold is working both 
internally and with other 
industry leaders to better 
understand the CSR-related 
risks and opportunities for 
dairy production. This analysis, 
as well as our action plans, 
will continue to evolve as we 
work to drive long-lasting 
improvements.

Lifecycle Impacts of Dairy

Key Areas of Concern

Industr y Impacts & Risks

Darigold Initiatives and Opportunities

Feed and Dairy 
Production

Environment

Consumers have a growing interest in animal well-being and sustainable 
farming. In addition, animal rights groups and others are pressing for 
legislative and media actions that may not be in the best interests of farmers.

Adopting proactive measures that protect and enhance animal well-being and sustainable farming, and that highlight the world-
class husbandry of our NDA producers. These actions will align with industry initiatives, such as the FARM (Farmers Assuring 
Responsible Management) program created by the National Milk Producers Federation.   

Environmental impacts will continue to be a major challenge for our industry 
going forward. Tightening of government regulations related to greenhouse-
gas emissions and water usage pose risks to our farmers and operations.

Targeted reductions of emissions, effluents, and waste across our supply chain

Reduction of carbon footprint and greenhouse gas emissions

Capitalizing on grants to support our energy-reduction projects

Reduction of water intake volumes, along with reclaiming and recycling water

Supply Chain

Moving product to market efficiently and in ways that minimize 
environmental impact are the fundamental goals.

Innovation in packaging and energy and resource efficiency to improve productivity and reduce materials utilization, waste, 
and carbon footprint across the supply chain 

Maximizing f reight and loads for efficiency and to reduce carbon footprint

Packaging

Food Safety

Manufacturing waste and disposal of packaging materials pose 
environmental risk for future generations. 

Using more renewable packaging materials, incorporating recycled content materials, and designing easily recycled packaging

Our caseless gallon-milk product streamlines our production process, reduces waste, and facilitates backhauling

Use of larger-scaled packaging of ingredient products reduces paper and plastic

Every food manufacturing company is aware of the risk of product safety 
issues, poor product performance, or product recalls.  These can result not 
only in health risks, but also in financial loss and loss of brand loyalty.

Implemented Hazard Analysis of Critical Control Points (HACCP) in all of our plants to ensure the safety of our products

Rigorous environmental testing program in each plant and investment in state-of-the-art technology to develop and implement 
sound food-safety procedures

Participating in third-party audits of our plants and working closely with regulatory authorities to meet and exceed all federal and 
state requirements

Formed continuous improvement teams focused on quality and food safety ; working to have our quality and food-safety systems 
compliant with the new Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI)

Farm Fresh: Our farmers’ 
dedication to providing high 
quality milk begins with world-
class animal care. Our producers 
care for their herds by providing 
a nutritious diet, good medical 
care and healthy living conditions. 
At the same time, modern 
farming has several signiicant 
environmental challenges, 
including greenhouse gases, water 
and waste issues, biodiversity, and 
nutrient management.

Efective Hauling: Milk is 
picked up continuously, seven 
days a week, and transported to 
plants in Idaho, Washington, 
and Oregon. From the time 
a cow gives the milk to when 
it has been processed into a 
40 lb. block of cheese is less 
than half-a-day.  Greenhouse 
gas emissions are the primary 
environmental impact facing us 
in our transportation activities.

State-of-the-Art Manufacturing: 
To meet the needs of our 
customers, we invest signiicant 
capital in state-of-the-art 
processing technologies and 
in maintaining our current 
inf rastructure. In addition, we 
invest in our most important 
resource —“Darigold Employees” 
— by assuring they are properly 
trained, work safely, and understand 
how important our customers are 
to the future success of Darigold.   

Quality Assurance: 
At every step, f rom 
farm, to milk trucks, 
to arrival at our 
plants, and all 
through the pro-
duction lines, we 
follow a rigorous 
quality assurance 
program to ensure 
food safety and 
the highest quality 
products for our 
customers.

Modern Packing and Product 
Delivery : We meet our 
customers’ on-time delivery 
needs with automated 
packing, palletizing, and 
inventory systems, combined 
with customer-driven 
shipping preferences. he total 
volume and the recyclability 
of packaging materials are 
challenges for us.

Environmental Performance: We are gathering 
data to establish deinitive baselines in the areas of 
greenhouse gas emissions, energy use, solid waste, 
water use, wastewater, recycling, and air emissions. 
Identiication of additional opportunities and 
targets to formulate longer-term strategies will 
follow. We are committed to proactively meeting 
the requirements of all applicable environmental 
laws and regulations.

Partnering with Customers: 
From initial product concepts 
in food science R&D, through 
manufacturing and post-
delivery technical support, we 
listen to our customers and 
create value through superior 
products, technology, service, 
and relationships. All of us are 
focused on our contributions to 
improving health and wellness 
for our customers.

Partnering with the 
Dairy Industry :  As active 
participants in regional 
and national dairy 
innovation initiatives 
relating to sustainability, 
we continue to explore 
ways to integrate 
sustainability throughout 
our enterprise.

16

Introduction

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

17

Key Performance Indicators  Summary and Highlights
Safety  Read more on page 13
2009 Baseline Performance

Performance Indicator

Economic Prosperity

GRI 1 Indicator

Performance Context

Economic Performance

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Policy, practices and proportion of spending on locally-based suppliers

Environmental Stewardship

Energy

Direct CO2 Emissions f rom all 11 processing plants (total)

Direct CO2 Emissions f rom all 11 processing plants (per unit)

Direct electricity consumption (per unit)

Direct natural gas consumption  (per unit)

Direct CO2 Emissions f rom all F leet Operations (total)

Direct leet fuel consumption (miles per gallon)

Payload eiciency (total)

Water

Water withdrawal by source (total)

Water discharge by quality and destination (total)

Animal Well-Being 

Number of members with completed in-depth animal well-being surveys 
(total)

Community/Social Responsibility

Public Policy

Financial and in-kind contributions (total)

Labor Practices

Employment by age group, gender, ethnicity (total)

Occupational Health and Safety

Rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days,  absenteeism and number of 
work-related fatalities (total)

Training and Education

Annual hours of training by employee category (total)

EC1, 9

EC6

EN16

EN3

EN3

EN3

EN16

EN3

EN18

EN8

EN21

SO6

LA 1, 2

LA 7

LA 10

We represent a signiicant economic engine in the Paciic Northwest: 
$2 billion in annual revenue and nearly 5,000 Northwest jobs

In 2009, the costs of on-farm milk production exceeded milk prices 
received, creating signiicant inancial distress for our member-owners, 
which we mitigated somewhat by paying members above the base price.

92% of total spending was to local suppliers in 2009

his has also been historically true 

Total CO2 metric tons emitted by plants in 2009:  219,365

2009 baseline data represent an absolute decrease of 5%  f rom 2005

CO2 metric tons per unit emitted by plants in 2009: 0.0002313
ß 2 ID Plant CO2 metric tons KWH per pound produced: 0.000122
ß 3 CP Plant CO2 metric tons KWH per gallon produced: 0.000119
ß ID Plant CO2 metric tons BTU per pound produced: 0.000128
ß CP Plant CO2 metric tons BTU per gallon produced: 0.000072
Total CO2 metric tons emitted by all F leet Operations in 2009: 11,229

2009 baseline data represent a 10% decrease f rom 2005
  ß ID Plant 2009 baseline data represent a 4% decrease f rom 2005
  ß CP Plant 2009 baseline data represent a 20% decrease f rom 2005
  ß ID Plant 2009 baseline data represent a 12% decrease f rom 2005
  ß CP Plant 2009 baseline data represent a 14% decrease f rom 2005
his is a new calculation, past data are not comparable

F leet average miles per gallon 2009: 5.39

2009 baseline data represent a 10% increase in fuel eiciency f rom 2006

Average payload in pounds 2009: 56,000 

his represents a 35% increase in payload capacity f rom 2006

In 2009 our baseline f resh water intake was 1,003,606,000 gallons

his is a new calculation, past data are incomplete

In 2009 our baseline water discharge was 890,923,000 gallons

his is a new calculation, past data are incomplete

Percent of farms with completed in-depth animal well-being surveys:
40%, representing 55% of luid milk supply 

he irst in-depth animal well-being farm survey was 
completed in July 2008; third party audits have now begun

Charitable donations were extended in the form of cash or matching gift 
contributions

Employee matching fund contributions are up tenfold f rom FY 07 total 
contributions

Total 2009 Darigold employees: 1,307;  15% female, 22% minorities

he ethnic diversity of our employee base is relective of the region

Total lost-time injuries rate in 2009:  0.70/200,000 hours
Total incident rate in 2009:  6.58/200,000 hours

Lost-time injuries rate has declined 91% since 2005 
Total incident rate has declined 61% since 2005

Hours of headquarters employee training: 841

his volume of training represents a 50% increase f rom 2008 ; in addition, 
substantial training hours were also dedicated to employees in our plants, 
and we will be tracking those hours f rom 2010 onward. 

Human Rights

Number of incidents of discrimination and action taken (total)

HR 4

Discrimination claims received since 2007 and our response:                          
Four claims, all responded to, all dismissed by regulatory bodies

Discrimination claims have been declining

1

 Global Reporting Initiative, de facto global standard for CSR indicators  2

 ID: Ingredients Division   3

 CP: Consumer Products Division

Section 1 
Prosperity

Scot and Stephanie Littrel
Darigold farmer-owners
Deer Park, Washington

Section 1  Prosperity

Creating 
Long-Term Value

Signiicant Economic Impact on the Paciic Northwest 
Northwest Dairy Association/Darigold has had a presence in the Paciic 
Northwest since 1918. he scope and magnitude of our economic footprint 
has grown signiicantly over the years, as we have generated economic 
prosperity and supported community development. From the more than 
500 dairies that produce our high-quality milk, to our 11 processing plants, 
through the vast distribution networks that deliver our products to domestic 
and international markets, our regional and global economic footprint is 
substantial. In all of our processing locations, we create an economic ripple 
efect that can be traced throughout each community. We create jobs, and add 
signiicantly to local tax revenues. Ninety-two percent of our total spending 
on raw materials, f reight, packaging materials, energy, and other forms of 
discretionary spending was with local suppliers in 2009.         

Perfection in a Glass
We have been producing the 
f reshest products f rom Northwest 
dairy farms for generations.

22

Prosperity

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

23

Creating Long-Term Value

Our vision is to consistently increase the 
long-term value we deliver to our members, 
employees, and customers.

Increasing the Economic Value 
We Deliver in These Challenging 
Financial Times
Our vision is to consistently increase 
the long-term value we deliver to 
our member-owners, employees, 
and customers. This commitment to 
shared value is a basic tenet of our 
organization. We are a cooperative, 
which means that the value generated 
by our producer-owners is returned 
to them. Over the past three fiscal 
years we have distributed an average of 
more than 20% cash return on equity, 
compared to an average of less than 3% 
in the previous three years.

Average ownership equity has increased 
88% during this period. This economic 
support for our member-owners has 
been critical these past 18 months, as 
we have endured one of the most severe 
economic crises of the past 70 years.  
Darigold has worked especially hard to 
help our farmers weather this crisis, and 
our commitment continues. 

Helping Our Farmer-Owners Survive Economically

FY05

FY06

FY07

FY08

FY09

FY10

$2.0 

$2.3 

$6.0 

$24.2 

$57.5 

$50.2

$0.03

$0.03

$0.08

$0.31

$0.73

$0.68

Total Incremental Cash 
Payments ($mm)

Total Incremental Cash 
Payments per cwt

Cash /Average Equity %

2%

2%

5%

14%

26%

21%

Investing to Sustain Our 
Economic Strength
We are also making significant 
investments to ensure our long-term 
success. Examples of innovative capital 
investments in recent years that have 
positively impacted the community, 
the environment, and our owners’ 
value include:
ß $21 million to install state-of-the
art, recyclable, caseless-jug 
packaging capability in our Rainier 
Avenue plant in Seattle. This eco-
f riendly line was commissioned 
in August 2007, and led to lower 
fuel consumption and packaging 
waste while substantially improving 
efficiency throughout the supply 
chain.    

20% average cash return 
on equity

ß $4.1 million in 2010 for an anaerobic
digester in our Boise, Idaho, plant. 
This investment reduces greenhouse-
gas emissions originating f rom the 
dairies as well as displaces carbon 
dioxide generated f rom fossil fuel 
power.  
ß $3.1 million in 2007 for state-of-
the-art continuous, aseptic processing 
equipment in our Portland, Oregon, 
plant. This equipment facilitates 
significant improvement in ultra-
pasteurized milk capacity, thereby 
providing nutritious yet cost-effective 
milk to consumers.
ß $1.3 million in 2006 to replace a
high capacity boiler in our Lynden, 
Washington,  plant with a modern, 
energy efficient boiler that is over 
9% more energy efficient.

These are only a few examples of the 
many capital investments we’ve made 
in recent years to simultaneously 
improve our economic performance 
and reduce our carbon footprint. 
Through investments in these kinds 
of sustainable business practices, we 
are actively trying to support the 
integration of good environmental 
stewardship with long-term prosperity 
for our producers and the cooperative.

An Economic Engine
In addition to the economic benefits 
for our cooperative, Darigold is 
also committed to the economic 
development of the communities 
in which we conduct our business.  
Darigold employs about 1,300 people, 
and our dairies employ over 2,900 
full-time workers, all of which fuels 
thousands of additional jobs. Multiple 
studies have placed the economic 

value of dairy at more than $15,000 
per dairy cow; for Darigold, this 
translates into more than $5 billion in 
economic value generated throughout 
the Northwest. The vast majority of the 
nearly $2 billion in Darigold revenue is 
circulated back within our Northwest 
home communities. This economic 
engine is a vital foundation for our 
rural communities in particular and the 
region more generally. Economic value 
is a key component of our contribution 
to sustainability.

Donating to Our Communities
Beyond the direct economic value we 
generate, we also team up with our 
neighbors to improve the quality of 
life in our communities. We have three 
distinct giving programs: a corporate 
contributions program that supports 
specific projects that better our com-
munities, an Employee Matching Gift 

Program, and our product donation 
program. Darigold considers proposals 
f rom nonprofit, higher education, and 
community groups to fund programs 
that serve local communities. Our 
employees are an important conduit to 
the communities in which we operate, 
and we effectively partner with them 
to support those organizations with 
whom they are engaged. Darigold 
matches employee contributions to 
organizations in the fields of education, 
arts, culture, healthcare, social services, 
humanitarian aid, animal well-being, 
environmental protection, and wildlife 
preservation. In addition, Darigold 
provides product donations to our 
local food banks and community 
organizations. As a corporation, as 
farmers, and as employees, we pride 
ourselves on being good neighbors.

Our CSR Work Generates Economic Beneit

Examples of Actual Cost Savings and Revenue Increases

$6.4 M
Energy Conservation 
in the Plants (2005-09)

$2.0 M
Fuel Eiciency 
Improvements in
our F leet (2006-09)

$190K
Increase in Backhaul 
Revenue Due To Caseless 
Innovation (2009)

$22K
Wastewater Reduction 
in Sunnyside Plant (2009)

Section 2 
Stewardship

Charlie Martin
Darigold farmer-owner 
Fort Jones, California

Section 2  Stewardship

Caring for the 
Natural Environment

Northwest dairy farmers are among the best in the world. Most are members 
of Northwest Dairy Association (NDA), proud owners of Darigold. We take 
seriously the responsibility of producing safe and wholesome food for all to 
enjoy. Our farmers are proud to preserve the heritage and carry the legacy of 
producing food, caring for the environment, and providing meaningful jobs.  

28
28
30

32 
32 
34
38
40

42 
42 
44
45
45
45
45

On Our Farms
Animal Well-Being
Preserving Our Natural Resources

In Our Processing Plants 
Energy Consumption and Our Carbon Footprint
Waste, Emissions, and E(cid:29) uents 
Water/Compliance/Food Safety 
Environmental Management System

 

 

In Our Supply Chain 
Hauling and Transportation
Logistics
Purchasing
Packaging Improvements
Small and Disadvantaged Businesses
Sustainable Forestry Initiative

Paul Gwerder
Darigold farmer-owner 
Enumclaw, Washington

28

Stewardship

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

Stewardship On Our Farms: Animal Well-Being

Challenge: How do we assure our corporate 
customers and consumers we use good practices 
for animal well-being?

Response: Establish a comprehensive on-farm 
animal well-being assessment tool.

NDA members recognize the impor-
tance of animal well-being to our 
customers, to consumers, and to society. 
To this end, NDA has taken our first 
steps to establish a comprehensive, 
on-farm animal well-being assessment 
tool. This in-depth, web-based survey 
is being administered to NDA mem-
ber farms to determine baselines for 
current practices. To date, about 40% 
of our NDA member farms, represent-
ing approximately 55% of the total 
NDA milk supply, have been surveyed.  
Survey results reveal that in general the 
performance levels of NDA farmers 
are excellent. The survey represents a 
standard for comprehensive assessment 
in the dairy industry. It also provides 
an understanding of where future 
improvements can be made, as well as a 
means for disseminating best practices.

Key Learnings
Aside f rom being useful in highlighting 
potential areas of improvement, 
farmers have used the tool to reiterate 
the importance of following standard 
operating procedures with their 
employees. The web-based tool also 
enables producers to more effectively 
identify, communicate, and implement 
improvements.

Next Steps
The second round of assessments 
will provide data on whether or not 
farmers are making improvements, so 
we can start to assess progress within 
our cooperative as a whole. We are also 
planning independent third party 
audits by trained professionals. The 
animal well-being survey is the first of 
several on-farm survey modules 
we have in development. A module 
dealing with community outreach and 

emergency management is now under 
development. We envision future
survey modules dealing with food 
safety, environmental stewardship, 
energy conservation, farm bio-security, 
air and water conservation, and 
employee management training. 
Finally, we have been actively involved 
with national dairy animal well-being
initiatives, and look forward to 
continuing to collaborate with efforts 
such as the National Milk Producers 
Federation’s National Dairy “Farmers 
Assuring Responsible Management ” 
(FARM) program. We expect that 
NDA member farms, currently among 
the most responsible in the nation with 
regard to animal well-being, will remain 
on a path of continuous improvement 
as they adopt new management 
techniques and practices.  

Jake Atsma
Darigold farmer-owner
Mt. Angel, Oregon

“I want people to come into my 
place ... and see my cows in total 
contentment.” 

30

Stewardship

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

31

Stewardship on Our Farms: Preser ving Our Natural Resources 

Challenge: How do we feed the wor ld in a way that is 
both economically viable and environmentally sound?
Response: Implement environmental stewardship 
practices and innovations.

The success or failure of our dairy 
farmers is directly dependent upon 
appropriate stewardship of the land 
on which they operate. Producers 
often describe themselves as “the 
first environmentalists”— living and 
working on the land, breathing the air, 
drinking its water, and sharing with 
their community the food grown 
f rom its soil.

Our farmers work hard to minimize 
the environmental impacts the dairy 
industry has on our natural resources. 
A dairy cow can generate 120 pounds 
of manure each day — more than 
40,000 pounds per year. Advances 
in technology, combined with good 
management practices, are yielding 
new and innovative ways to improve 
manure management and odor 
control. For example, dairy cows 
have very specific diets formulated 
by professional nutritionists to match 
their needs for health, milk production, 
and odor reduction. Many NDA 
member-farmers are using additional 
technologies, including air-filtration 
systems in barns and odor-reducing 
additives for manure-storage facilities. 
Some of our farmers have methane 
digesters, which can help offset odor 

by separating methane gas f rom solid 
waste — and while the solid waste is 
composted and reused as fertilizer, 
the methane gas is used for heat or to 
generate electricity (which can be used 
to power the farm or sold to utility 
companies). Manure is a nutrient-rich 
resource. As a natural fertilizer, manure 
increases soil structure, tilth, humus 
levels, and the soil’s water retention. 
The result is higher-yield crops and 
better foodstuffs, some of which 
(e.g., corn) is then fed right back to 
dairy cows.

Clean water is essential for drinking, 
for aquatic animal habitat, and for 
recreational and industrial use. Dairy-
farm families are as dependent on 
this essential natural resource as we 
all are. Water is used by dairies for 
animal watering and cleaning, manure 
management, and milking equipment 
and dairy barn sanitation. Because it 
can come into contact with manure, 
slurry water must be managed carefully 
and is not allowed into waterways. 
When managed properly, this water 
is a valuable, nutrient-rich soil and 
crop amendment.

Recycling is at the heart of dairy 
farming, and dairy cows are themselves 

one of nature’s great recyclers. Dairy 
cows are fed forages (grass, hay, silages, 
etc.) and by-products of human food-
production processes. When cows 
consume these by-products, it prevents 
the food-processing waste f rom going 
into landfills and other parts of the 
environment.

Manure Management Facilities
Dairy producers are regulated by the 
Nutrient Management Act (NMA), 
which prohibits any discharge of 
manure-contaminated water by a 
dairy farm. Buildings used to house 
dairy cows must be constructed and 
managed so as to control the manure 
f rom those facilities.

To promote animal health and 
well-being, housing facilities are 
f requently cleaned of manure, either 
by mechanical scraping or with wash 
water. The manure is managed in a 
storage facility called a lagoon, which is 
designed to keep it stored safely until 
it can be used as a nutrient source via 
application to croplands.

The lagoon can safely store manure for 
months, so it must be properly designed 
and of sufficient size. Lagoons are 
constructed with a goal of eliminating 
the chances of seepage of their contents 

Enhancing Biodiversity

Loss of biodiversity and of habitat is a challenge for all of us as a society, and solutions are 

not always straightforward. Paciﬁc Northwest dairy farms, though, provide year-round habitat 

for various wildlife species such as ﬁsh, birds, fox, deer, elk and numerous invertebrates — and 

many of our dairy farmers are involved in efforts to protect species and enhance biodiversity.

In caring for streams, for example, dairy farmer efforts have helped in the restoration of 

threatened bird species, such as the Trumpeter Swan, Sandhill Crane, and the Dusky Canadian 

Goose. After being driven nearly to extinction earlier in the 20th century (with fewer than 70 

left in existence), today more than 17,000 Trumpeter Swans — North America’s largest water 

fowl, the world’s largest swans, and highly sensitive indicators of habitat contamination — 

migrate from their summer breeding grounds in Alaska to the Paciﬁc Northwest. Swans like 

to spend their winters in our grassy ﬁelds and farmland close to water. 

into ground water. Discharges of 
manure or wastewater into surface or 
ground water — whether intentional or 
accidental — result in fines imposed on 
the dairy farmer by the respective state 
regulatory agencies. V iolations could 
potentially lead to criminal and/or civil 
action against the farm owner
or manager.

Nutrient Management Plan, With 
Record Keeping and Documentation
Accurate recordkeeping is a prerequisite 
to effective environmental management 
on the farm. As required under the 
terms of the NMA, all dairies must 
have a written Nutrient Management 
Plan (NMP) that must be approved by 
the local water conservation district. 
The NMP is a technical document 
detailing manure management 
activities on the farm and serves 
three primary purposes: to prevent 
discharges of contaminated wastewater 
to surface waters, or to ground water, 
and to supply nutrients to crops at 
scientifically and environmentally 
appropriate rates. Operating a dairy 
without a NMP results in fines and 
other actions imposed on the farm 
owner. Every dairy is inspected 

regularly — anywhere f rom annually to 
every 22 months, depending on state 
statutes — to ensure that its facilities 
and management practices conform to 
its NMP. According to Washington’s 
Livestock Nutrient Management 

Program’s “Report of Program 
Activities” for 2007 (most recent 
report), state inspectors found that 98% 
of the dairies were in full compliance 
with their NMPs.

CSR SPOTLIGHT       Methane Digesters

Turning Farm Waste Into Renewable Energy : 
Promise and Challenges

A number of our producer families 
operate anaerobic digesters to process 
farm waste. The process involves 
blending cow manure with other food 
wastes to produce:
ß Methane gas used to generate 
electricity for the power grid
ß Compost used as bedding or applied 
to fields to add organic matter
ß Liquid f raction applied to fields as 
fertilizer

Our dairy farmers usually supplement 
the manure stream with several other 
food waste streams to keep the digesters 
running more efficiently. The additional 
feed stocks greatly increase the methane 
output of the digesters. Examples of 
other waste streams that are being 
incorporated include a wide range of 
food processing byproducts and many 
pre-consumer food waste streams. 

All of these waste streams would 
otherwise go to landfills.

One project was the result of a 
cooperative effort over many years 
between a local dairy family, an area 
Indian tribe, and a local environmental 
group. Additionally, Darigold is 
cooperating with the producer to utilize 
the digester for disposal of cottage 
cheese whey f rom our Issaquah facility.

Despite how promising methane 
digesters can be in managing farm 
wastes, currently this technology model 
cannot be easily adapted to work 
effectively in all situations — due to very 
high capital costs, limited availability of 
supplementary waste streams, regulatory 
constraints, and the complexity of all the 
interdependencies involved. Northwest 
Dairy Association has been a catalyst in 
promoting feasibility studies regionally 
to help address these challenges.

32

Stewardship

Stewardship in Our Processing P lants 

Challenge: How will we reduce the 
carbon footprint of our operations?
Response: Know c lear ly where we are now —
and drive continuous improvement.

Energy Consumption and 
Our Carbon Footprint
Darigold recognizes and understands 
how important reducing energy con-
sumption and waste are to both our 
company results and our environmental 
impact. We are committed to reducing 
both waste and energy consumption. 
We have started systematically tracking 
and working to reduce our electrical 
and gas use. We have also begun 
conducting Energy Audits in each of 
our plants and will act on the proposed 
recommendations.

To understand our energy consumption, 
we measure BTU/Unit (pound) 
produced in our cheese, powder, and 
butter plants and BTU/Unit (gallon) 
in our bottling plants. hese measures 
are converted to the amount of CO 2 
produced in metric tons. 

We established an engineering team 
to audit each of our 11 manufacturing 
plants. We use the information to 
provide employee training, share best 
practices among our plants, and develop 
capital projects to reduce energy 
consumption. We have also teamed 
with local government agencies to 
target funds available for projects

Processing P lants’ Carbon Footprint (All P lants Combined)

Metric Tons CO2 e Per Unit Produced 
(Natural Gas and Electricity)

Total Metric Tons CO2 e 
(Natural Gas and Electricity)

0.00030

0.00025

0.00020

0.00015

0.00010

0.00005

0.00000

250,000

200,000

150,000

100,000

50,000

0

 %
8
9
 
x
e
d
n
I

 %
4
9
 
x
e
d
n
I

%
1
9
 
x
e
d
n
I

 %
0
9
 
x
e
d
n
I

 %
 
9
9
 
x
e
d
n
I

  %
3
0
1
 
x
e
d
n
I

  %
5
0
1
 
x
e
d
n
I

%
 
5
9
 
x
e
d
n
I

2005

2006

2007

2008

2009

2005

2006

2007

2008

2009

that will have an immediate impact 
on reducing energy consumption in 
our plants. 

he baseline data on our energy 
consumption show we reduced our 
carbon footprint per unit of product 
by 10% over the past four years. On 
an absolute basis, we reduced our total 
overall CO 2 emissions f rom 231,326 
tons to 219,365 tons, a reduction of 
5%. Although we are pleased with this 
improvement, we are compelled to 
achieve further improvements.

Our V isual Production Meetings like the one 
pictured here at our Jerome, Idaho, processing plant 
allow employees to play an active role in continuous 
improvement.

Milk Evaporator
Powder Production
Jerome, Idaho

As part of our commitment to reducing 
our energy consumption, we have started 
systematically tracking and working to drive 
improvements in our electrical and gas use 
on a monthly basis.

34

Stewardship

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

35

Stewardship in Our Processing P lants 

We take the issue of climate change 
seriously and are committed to doing our 
part in addressing this global challenge.  

There is currently a strong scientific 
consensus that one of the greatest 
environmental challenges facing the 
world today is climate change. We take 
the issue of climate change seriously 
and are committed to doing our part 
in addressing this global challenge. 
Data f rom calendar year 2009 serve 
as our baseline of our Greenhouse 
Gas (GHG) emissions and will 
help us establish and implement a 
comprehensive GHG management 
strategy focused on reducing energy, 
becoming more energy efficient, and 
identifying alternative energy sources. 
For 2009, we emitted 219,365 metric 
tons of CO 2 (160,231 tons f rom our 
Ingredients Division and 59,134 
tons f rom our Consumer Products 
Division). On a per-unit basis, our 
CO 2 emissions were .00025 tons per 
unit in our Ingredients Division and 
.00019 tons per unit in our Consumer 
Products Division. Going forward, we 
will set goals, track our progress, and 
communicate our results.

Waste, Emissions, and Effluents
In the dairy business, margins are 
small and results are greatly affected by 
“waste,” which in the processing plants 

we define as raw-product loss, finished- 
product loss, or overuse of resources 
such as water. 

At Darigold, we measure waste in each 
of our plants on a monthly basis. The 
data help us identify opportunities to 
improve and design and implement 
action plans.

We embrace employee involvement in 
this continuous improvement through 
our V isual Production Meetings 
(VPM). Our VPM process allows 
all plant employees to participate in 
problem identification and problem 
solving. We developed an audit process 
to ensure our plants are complying with 
the VPM guidelines, and are driving 
continuous improvement and sharing 
best practices. 

For example, in 2009 we used our 
collaborative approach to address a 
wastewater challenge at our Sunnyside 
plant. Our engineering staff and 
Sunnyside plant employees formed 
a team involved on a daily basis in 
problem-solving activities to reduce 
wastewater. Through this effort, the 
team reduced the Sunnyside plant ’s 
wastewater by 25,268,000 gallons 
(10.99%) in 2009. 

Most of the water discharged f rom 
our facilities is wastewater, with the 
exception of water that is evaporated 
f rom the milk or is used as an 
ingredient in our finished products. 
We strive to ensure that our wastewater 
meets all applicable permit limitations 
and regulations.

To manage wastewater, it is important 
that we understand how much 
wastewater we generate annually f rom 
our plants. Starting with calendar 
year 2009, it is our intent to analyze 
our wastewater usage across all plants 
and develop a long-term wastewater 
reduction strategy.

Our Rainier plant recently launched 
a new product we call caseless gallon 
milk. Milk is delivered to customers 
without traditional milk cases. Thanks 
to this innovative technology, many 
steps in our production process are 
eliminated. Also, waste and energy use 
at the customer level are reduced
(f rom not having to unload, manage, 
or return cases), and energy previously 
used for returning milk cases to the 
plants is eliminated.

Darigold Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Total

Darigold Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Per Unit of Production

200,000

175,000

150,000

125,000

100,000

75,000

50,000

25,000

0

s
n
o
T
 
c
i
r
t
e
M
 
2
O
C

160,231

59,134 

2009

Ingredients Division

Consumer Products Division

CSR SPOTLIGHT       Caseless Jug

.00030

.00025

.00020

.00015

.00010

.00005

0

s
n
o
T
 
c
i
r
t
e
M
 
2
O
C

.00025

.00019

2009

hinking out of the box: 
Improving operations, reducing waste, and increasing revenue with caseless jugs

Darigold has invested in innovative technology to improve the 
quality and eiciency of producing and shipping milk in gallon 
jugs f rom our Seattle plant. he illing process incorporates 
advanced technology and state-of-the-art environmental controls. 
In addition, a broad range of improvements come f rom the new 
package design, which entirely eliminates the necessity to use 
plastic milk cases for distribution and reduces the amount of labor 
required to display milk for consumers. 

By eliminating altogether the need for plastic milk cases or 
cardboard boxes for secondary packaging, we simplify the process 
and dramatically reduce the human and energy resources needed 
to move gallon milk jugs f rom the plant to our customers. 
In our operations, “caseless” has changed our process f rom 
23 touch points — to eight!

All totaled, this project yielded 
signiicant economic and non-
economic beneits to Darigold and our 
customers — the kinds of innovative 
“win-win” solutions we are 
seeking with our CSR work. 

Using plastic milk cases in the traditional supply chain wastes 
energy and creates unnecessary costs and operational complexity. 
Here are some of the beneits we have achieved by using 
caseless jugs:

ENERGY SAVINGS 
Milk cases require signiicant energy and labor to load and unload. 
hey must be trucked back f rom stores and then washed before 
they can be reused. 

REDUCTIONS IN STORAGE NEEDS AND LABOR HOURS 
A signiicant percentage of space in a conventional milk plant is 
used just for the storage of milk cases, and in both our plants and 
our customers’ sites, handling cases requires considerable labor 
f rom both Darigold and our customers.

NO REPLACEMENTS NEEDED 
A huge number of milk cases are lost or stolen and need to be 
replaced every year.

NEW SOURCE OF REVENUE 
Instead of using our trucks to br ing back empty milk cases to 
our plants, now we backhaul valuable products — generating 
signiicant new revenue for us.

36

Stewardship

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

37

Six key sustainability areas for environmental stewardship.

Animal Well-Being: Page 28

Waste Reduction: Page 34

Energy and Carbon Footprint: Page 32

Water: Page 38

Greenhouse Gas Emissions: Page 34

Supply Chain Initiatives: Page 42

38

Stewardship

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

39

Stewardship in Our Processing P lants  

Challenge: Conser vation and compliance demand 
exacting commitment.
Response: Build systematic controls — and drive 
continuous improvement.

Water
People use enormous amounts of water 
for drinking, cooking, and washing.  
However, industry uses far more water 
in its production of things like food, 
paper, clothes, consumer products — 
all the foods and goods of our modern 
society. Darigold operations are not 
unique in our need for clean water for 
the manufacturing of our products. 
Therefore, water conservation is 
extremely important to Darigold 
in terms of being a cost-effective 
and environmentally sound way to 
reduce our dependence on the world ’s 
limited water supply. Water is used 
in our operations as an ingredient in 
our products, for sanitation of our 
equipment, and within the general 
services of our plants.  

We have implemented a number of 
water-conservation efforts. Beyond 
routine improvement efforts, one 
of the more unique Darigold water 
conservation programs involves 
our utilization of “cow water,” the 
water evaporated f rom milk in the 
manufacturing of powdered milk.  
Darigold ’s drying operations collect, 
sterilize, and store the water and then  
 
 

use it for general cleaning and  
sanitation of the plant. This results 
in a significant reduction in the 
procurement of water.

Our baseline data on our water 
usage in 2009 serve as the basis for 
formulating our water conservation 
management plan. W ith our f reshwater 
usage at just over one billion gallons 
in 2009 — about one gallon per pound 
or gallon of product — as well as 890 
million gallons of waste water, we are 
striving to develop significant water 
conservation plans in the future.

Compliance
We are committed to continuous 
improvement of our environmental 
performance and to meeting or 
exceeding the requirements of all 
applicable environmental laws and 
regulations. When we have made a 
mistake, Darigold has cooperated 
with regulatory agencies in analyzing 
the environmental issue(s) and 
has developed cost-effective and 
scientifically based solutions and 
standards. In fiscal year 2010, we 
received three Notices of V iolations 
(NOV ) for failure to meet the terms 
of our environmental permits. Two 
NOVs were for pH violations and
 

one NOV was for exceeding seasonal  
flow limits. No fines or penalties were  
levied against Darigold in 2009. This 
is a significant improvement f rom the 
previous five years. We will continue to 
implement programs and procedures 
that are designed to achieve the goal 
of eliminating all compliance failure 
in the future.

Food Safety
Food safety is of paramount importance 
to Darigold. To ensure the safety of 
our products, we have implemented 
Hazard Analysis of Critical Control 
Points (HACCP) and participate in 
third-party audits in all of our plants. 
We work closely with regulatory 
authorities to meet all federal and state 
requirements. We have instituted a 
rigorous facility environmental-testing 
program, invested in state-of-the-
art technology, and have developed 
and implemented sound food safety 
procedures. Darigold has formed 
continuous improvement teams 
focused on quality and food safety.  
We are currently working to have our 
internal quality and food safety systems 
compliant with the Global Food Safety 
Initiative (GFSI). 

Wastewater Generated by Division
Total

Wastewater Generated by Division
Per Unit of Production

500,000,000

400,000,000

300,000,000

200,000,000

100,000,000

0

700,000,000

600,000,000

500,000,000

400,000,000

300,000,000

200,000,000

100,000,000

0

s
n
o
l
l
a
G

s
n
o
l
l
a
G

404 M 

486 M 

2009

Freshwater Intake by Division
Total

671 M 

332 M 

2009

Ingredients Division

Consumer Products Division

Environmental Management System Compliance Calendar

2.00

1.75

1.50

1.25

1.00

0.75

0.50

0.25

0

1.25

1.00

0.75

0.50

0.25

0

n
o
i
t
c
u
d
o
r
P
 
f
o
 
t
i
n
U
/
s
n
o
l
l
a
G

n
o
i
t
c
u
d
o
r
P
 
f
o
 
t
i
n
U
/
s
n
o
l
l
a
G

.632 

1.575 

2009

Freshwater Intake by Division
Per Unit of Production

1.05 

1.07

2009

Environmental 
Policy Signed by 
VPs and CEO

Introduction to 
Plant Managers

Plant Point 
Person Identiied 
& Trained

Plant Green 
Team Members 
Identiied

Plant Green Team 
Rollout Meeting 
& Training

Facility

Boise

Caldwell

Chehalis

Issaquah

Jerome

Lynden

Medford

Portland

Rainier

Spokane

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Sunnyside

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Complete

Certiication
Audit

March 2010

March 2010

June 2010

April 2010

March 2010

June 2010

July 2010

May 2010

June 2010

April 2010

August 2010

40

Stewardship

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

41

Stewardship in Our Processing P lants

Challenge: Modern industrial operations currently lead 
to signiicant environmental impacts.
Response: Darigold has made a strong commitment 
to reducing our negative environmental impacts and 
promoting sustainability.

Environmental Management System
 In 2008, Darigold ’s management team 
developed an Environmental Policy for 
the company. The policy describes how 
Darigold will reduce its environmental 
impact and promote the sustainability 
of the natural resources, businesses, 
and communities upon which we 
depend. Each of the management 
team members personally committed 
themselves and their departments to 
upholding its terms. 

One of the objectives stated in our 
Environmental Policy requires Darigold 
to “develop and apply systems of 
environmental management as part of 
day-to-day operational practice and 
on-going management reporting and 
control procedures.”  Darigold is now in 
the beginning stages of implementing 
an integrated, environmental 
management program that will 
monitor environmental performance 
and be overseen by the corporate 
environmental team (implementation 
progress is shown in the table on p. 39). 

The goal of Darigold ’s Environmental 
Management System is to increase 
awareness of, and accountability for, 
environmental issues at the plant level.  
The program is complete enough to 
minimize the risk of non-compliance 
for Darigold operations, yet simple 
enough to allow plant employees to 
take ownership of environmental issues.

The philosophy of the program is based 
on our belief that our “Green Team” 
approach — which leverages compliance 
awareness across almost all the sets 
of eyes and ears in the plant — is the 
most effective type of environmental 
compliance program. Action (or 
inaction) by a single employee at 
any level of the organization often 
determines the compliance status of 
a corporation, so it is important to 
build the understanding, skills and 
commitment of every employee.

The objectives of the program are to:
ß Ensure all employees, at all levels,
are aware of and take ownership for 
Darigold ’s Environmental Policy.
ß Implement a system that works to
proactively achieve environmental 
compliance.
ß Create and institutionalize an
environmental management system 
that ensures compliance, defines 
and maintains accountability, 
is independent of personnel or 
organizational changes, allows flexible 
implementation, is cost effective, and 
is easy to manage. An environmental 
assessment program will be 
implemented to assess each plant 
annually. Corporate environmental 
personnel will work closely with the 
plants as issues arise, assuring that 
training and appropriate action plans 
are developed and implemented. 

42

Stewardship

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

Stewardship in Our Supply Chain 

Challenge: How do we reduce the 
environmental impact of our supply chain?
Response: Implement initiatives in partnership 
with our most advanced suppliers.

A great deal of our overall 
environmental impact is associated 
with the supply chain we employ to 
support the production of our products. 
From cow to customer, Darigold ’s 
supply chain manages over 10 billion 
pounds of product movement annually. 
Whether it ’s the movement of raw 
milk f rom farm to plant, or finished 
goods delivery to customers, we use 
a combination of in-house resources 
and strategic partners to manage 
this movement in an economical 
manner. We are therefore interested 
in understanding our environmental 
impact and working with our suppliers 
to reduce it. We have made good 
progress in a number of areas. In other 
cases, we have much still to accomplish. 
Looking forward, we plan to partner 
with our most advanced suppliers 
on a range of initiatives, including 
packaging, logistics efficiencies, waste 
reduction, and product innovations. In 
addition, we plan to support our other 
suppliers in becoming increasingly 
aware of their environmental impacts 
and in creating improvement plans 
for meeting our needs in more 
environmentally responsible ways. 
We are convinced that in pursuing 
these efforts, we can significantly 
reduce costs (and thereby increase the  
 

value we generate) and simultaneously 
reduce environmental impacts — a 
“win–win” for all of us.

Hauling and Transportation 
Darigold ’s finished-goods delivery 
fleet — 140 tractors and 210 
trailers — travels over 5,500,000 
miles per year, while our contracted 
tanker fleet picks up milk f rom over 
330 farms daily, driving 25,000 miles 
— enough to circle the earth — every 
day. Both finished-goods delivery and 
the inbound-milk side of the business 
are focused on fuel savings and higher-
capacity equipment to reduce costs and 
environmental footprints.

Darigold recently purchased 144 new 
heavy-haul, 53-foot tri-axle trailers, 
each with a maximum payload capacity 
of 56,500 pounds, a 35% improvement 
over the old trailers. In addition, their 
energy-efficient ref rigeration units use 
70% less fuel than the “reefers” they 
replaced.

Darigold ’s fuel usage also has been 
reduced by aggressive actions, 
monitoring, and training. Average 
miles-per-gallon has improved f rom 
4.9 mpg in 2006 to 5.4 mpg in 
2009 — even as our payloads have 
increased by 35%. This means that 
on a per-unit basis, our fuel efficiency  
 

has improved nearly 50% in the past 
three years.

To achieve this improvement, Darigold:
ß Reduced engine-idle time f rom 17%
in 2007 to 5% in 2009.
ß Placed on-board computers in each
tractor to provide continuous driver 
feedback on MPG.
ß Purchased ultra-light tractors.
ß Set speed governors to a maximum
62 MPH.
ß Set tractor engines with a 3-minute
idling shut-off.
ß Placed Auxiliary Power Units (APUs)
in tractors to power the cabs on 
layovers.
ß Specified state-of-the-art
aerodynamic features, such as wind- 
dam fairings, side cowlings, smaller 
aluminum fuel tanks, aluminum 
wheels, etc.
ß Ordered energy-efficient automatic
transmissions for several locations, 
including San Jose and Hawaii.
ß Began changing fuel filters monthly
instead of every 30,000 miles.
ß Began checking tire air pressure daily.
ß Initiated a chain-removal program,
effective Spring through Fall, saving 
600 pounds of weight per vehicle.

6:15 AM
Morning Delivery
Kirkland, Washington

We’ve improved average miles-per-gallon 
f rom 4.9 mpg to 5.4 mpg, even as we increased 
payloads by 35%. his means that on a per-unit 
basis, our fuel eiciency has improved nearly 50% 
since 2006.

44

Stewardship

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

45

Stewardship in Our Supply Chain 

Our delivery-leet initiatives have resulted in an annual 
reduction in diesel fuel consumption of 216,000 
gallons — saving hundreds of thousands of dollars and 
reducing our carbon footprint by 2,200 metric tons.

Darigold ’s fleet has also begun an 
aggressive backhaul (return-haul) 
program, eliminating 425,000 empty 
miles in 2009 — while generating new 
profitable revenue. 

All together, these delivery-fleet 
initiatives have resulted in an annual 
reduction in diesel-fuel consumption 
of 216,000 gallons — a savings of 
hundreds of thousands of dollars for 
our farmer-owners, and an annual 
reduction of 2,200 metric tons of CO 2 
for the environment.

Similar to Darigold ’s own fleet, the 
contracted raw-milk tanker fleet is 
working on improving miles per gallon 
and available weight capacity. In the 
last two years, 66 sets of ultra-strong, 
light-weight tanker sets have been 
placed into service. The new tankers 
are hauling 13% more milk than their 
predecessors with nearly the same 
fuel consumption. The tractors are 
manufactured to the lightest standards 
in the industry. The reduced tare weight 
means each trailer has a corresponding 
increase in available capacity, leading 
to a reduction in carbon emissions 
through fewer trips.

 

Logistics
Over the past several years, we’ve 
been working to maximize the lading 
weight in all transportation modes. 
We achieved remarkable success in 
our boxcar load-out capacities. We 
increased the utilization of the cars 
by an estimated 15%. This resulted in 
taking approximately 160,000 miles 
or 322 tons of carbon off the roads in 
2008 and 2009. 

Our 3PL (third party logistics) carrier 
selection process includes: 

Over he Road
ß Fuel efficient carriers.
ß SmartWay certified.
ß Reload private fleets when possible
for miles and cost reductions. 
ß Use backhaul carriers as a rule.
ß Include carriers that have heavy haul
capabilities when applicable.

 

LTL (less than truckload shipping)
ß Use consolidations for inbound and
outbound shipments to reduce miles 
and cost.
ß Look for opportunities to maximize
loading capacities for truckloads. 

Rail
ß Use rail lines that have reciprocal
switching capabilities. 
ß If our customers are not rail side,
work to develop a trans-load 
program. 
ß Use intermodal containers when
possible.
ß Use equipment with heaviest payload
capacities. 

Our supply chain team is continually 
looking for off-site warehousing located 
closer to our manufacturing plants. In 
2008 and 2009, we eliminated two off-
site warehouses and qualified one closer 
to our plant. These actions resulted in 
taking approximately 25,000 highway 
miles — and 50 tons of carbon — off  
the road. 

We are looking at all less-than-
truckload and truckload customers and 
vendors for opportunities to maximize 
load capacities. We encourage and 
engage them to help fill backhaul lanes 
and to maximize orders. 

Purchasing
Darigold ’s purchasing department 
oversees the sourcing of packaging, 
ingredients, and MRO (maintenance, 
repair, and operations) supplies for 
the 11 Darigold plants. In addition 
to the traditional role of purchasing, 
sustainability and small business status 
have become important elements of 
material sourcing and may drive our 
buying decisions. Our purchasing team 
follows the company ’s commitment 
to the environment and its neighbors 
by improving the sustainability of our 
packaging and by sourcing f rom small 
businesses when applicable.

Packaging Improvements
Our purchasing team recently initiated 
and managed a change to the 1-gallon, 
half-gallon, and quart bottle caps at the 

five Darigold bottling plants. This 
change, using a new design, satisfied 
several objectives in one conversion. 
The existing cap was a dissimilar plastic 
f rom the jug itself. Having a different 
plastic posed a recycling problem, and 
the tear-away tab usually ended up 
in the garbage rather than the recycle 
bin. The new cap offers a robust 
thread pattern for a tighter fit and 
meets tamper-evident requirements. 
In addition, the new cap weighs 0.8 
grams less than its predecessor, creating 
a 149,950 lb. annual reduction in 
plastic — an overall 24% reduction in 
cap weight.

Small/Disadvantaged Businesses
Darigold annually submits our 
Summary Sub-Contract Report to 
the US Department of Defense. Over 
a five-year period, Darigold ’s average 
small-disadvantaged business spend 
is more than 13%. This includes small 
businesses, women-owned businesses, 
minority-owned businesses, and 
veteran-owned businesses. 

Sustainable Forestry Initiative
Our purchasing team f requently 
reviews our materials to ensure that 
they are adequate for their applications 
and that consideration has been given 
to environmental concerns. Recently, 
purchasing reviewed the Darigold 
corrugated supplier base to verify that 
each supplier was using a paper source 
certified in the Sustainable Forestry 
Initiative (SFI). The SFI 2010-2014 
Standard is based on principles and 
measures that promote sustainable 
forest management and consider all 
forest values. It includes unique fiber 
sourcing requirements to promote 
responsible forest management on all 
forest lands in North America. 

SFI certification also extends to the 
market. When they see the SFI
label on a product, consumers can 
be confident they are buying wood 
or paper f rom responsible sources. 
Beginning in 2010, Darigold will 
include the SFI logo on all of our 
corrugated consumer products to 
validate consumers’ confidence in 
the sustainability of these packaging 
materials.

Section 3 
Community

Darigold supports Bike to Work 
Day with a chocolate milk sampling 
station in Seattle, Washington.

At Darigold, we count ourselves fortunate to be in the business of supplying 
products that contribute signiicantly to consumers’ nutrition and health. 
Here is a closer look at the nutritional value of dairy products and at 
our eforts to advance health and wellness through product formulation, 
partnerships with consumers, industry, schools, and the community. We also 
share data about, and some of the approaches we are taking to support, both 
our employees and the communities in which we live, work, and play.

Section 3  Community

Caring for Our Customers, 
Our Employees, Our Neighbors

48
50 
50
52

54 
54 
54 
54 
55
56

Product Responsibility
Nutritional Value of Dairy Products
Improving Our Products’ Health Beneits 
Partnering and Products to Encourage Healthy Eating 

Caring for Our Employees
Workforce, Diversity, and Inclusion
Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination
Learning and Development 
Safety
Employee Beneits

57

Contributing to Our Communities

Kelly Mann and son Miles
Darigold consumers
Seattle, Washington

50

Community

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

Caring for Our Customers: Product Responsibility

Challenge: Modern society is struggling with health, 
wellness, and proper nutrition.
Response: Continually improve the health and wellness 
aspects of our products and with integrity, promote milk 
products as a healthy choice.

Dairy is the Original and Complete 
Nutritional Package
Although dairy ’s superior nutritional 
qualities have been known for decades, 
today dairy has an even more powerful 
story to tell in the health and wellness 
arena, with new scientiic studies 
highlighting its health beneits.

Consumers are looking for a dairy 
company they can trust to help them 
make wise and healthy choices. It is 
Darigold ’s pledge to be consumers’ irst 
choice when buying dairy products.

Darigold works closely with state 
Dairy Councils, the National Dairy 
Council and other leading food and 
health organizations, seeking guidance 
in the development of products that 
contribute to optimal health.

 
 
 
 
1% single-serve milk 
 
illustrates our commit-
 
ment to health-and-
wellness improvements
 
 
 
 

Product Responsibility:
Nutritional Value of Dairy Products
Darigold recognizes that quality, taste, 
value and service are all important 
to our consumers. We are focused on 
continuously improving our recipes 
and ingredients to make foods that 
are exceptional in taste and high 
in nutrition. We also strive to help 
consumers balance their diets through 
education and outreach.

Our goal is to continue to build 
awareness of the inherent beneits of 
dairy products. Research shows that the 
top three reasons consumers give for 
drinking more milk than in the past are 
health related: trying to be healthier, 
need the calcium, contains nutrients 
my body needs. he top attributes 
associated with milk include: good 
source of calcium, builds strong bones, 
good source of V itamin D, healthy 
choice, beneicial to joints and improves 
dental health.

Consumers are also gaining 
awareness of the science behind 
drinking chocolate milk after exercise. 
Chocolate milk has been shown to aid 
hydration and to help muscles recover 
after exercise.  

Product Responsibility: Improving Our 
Products’ Health Benefits
Darigold continually makes health-
and-wellness-focused improvements 
to a variety of our products in line with 
our consumers’ preferences. 

In 2005, for example, the fat level 
in lavored 2% single-serve milks 
was lowered to 1%. In keeping with 
our company ’s health and wellness 
platform, pectin-based yogurt with 
iber and additional probiotics followed 
in 2006. In addition, sugar levels in 
the yogurt were lowered, with sucrose 
replacing high f ructose corn syrup. 
In 2007, we began ofering lactose-
f ree milk for our lactose-intolerant 
consumers. From 2008 to 2009, we 
created multiple health-and-wellness-
focused improvements. Probiotics were 
added to cottage cheese and sour cream. 
New products with pure and simple 
ingredients were rolled out, including 
two all-natural sour creams and a line 
of lavored half-and-half creamers.

Research and development is well 
underway for the 2010 roll-out of more 
health-and-wellness-focused products.

Rachel Yamamoto
Fifth Grader
Bellevue, Washington

“Mmmm ... milk tastes so yummy — 
and it ’s good for my bones.”

52

Community

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

53

Caring for Our Customers: Partnering and Products to Encourage Healthy Eating 

Our high-visibility school program 
demonstrates to the community Darigold ’s 
commitment to health and wellness. 

Partnering with the Community
Health & wellness is now top of mind 
with consumers. Consumers are looking 
for enhanced “functional foods” 
such as dairy with naturally occurring 
functional nutrients. Darigold seeks 
opportunities to engage with the 
community on these benefits. 

The Flavored Milk in Schools Challenge
Some schools and activist groups are 
looking to remove flavored milk f rom 
cafeterias due to issues relating to 
childhood obesity. This move could 
actually do more nutritional harm 
than good. Chocolate milk is the most 
popular milk choice in schools and 
studies have shown that kids will drink 
less milk (and get fewer nutrients) if 
it ’s taken away.

Partnering with the Dairy Industry
Darigold, along with the National 
Dairy Council, state Dairy Councils 
and the National Football league, is part 
of “Fuel Up to Play 60,” an in-school 
program to tackle sedentary lifestyles 
and poor nutrition. Our program 
commitment of 5+ years demonstrates 
Darigold ’s leadership toward future 
generations’ health and wellness. Forty 
seven million Darigold Mini Half Pint 
cartons promoting “Fuel Up to Play 60” 
are sold into public schools annually. 
This high-visibility school program 
demonstrates to the community 
Darigold ’s commitment to health 
and wellness.

Darigold continues open dialog with 
Seattle Public Schools and other school 
districts in the region to develop dairy 
products that meet school food service 
policies as well as serve restricted 
dietary needs.
Products in the line-up:
ß Fat Free Chocolate Milk with 
reduced calories, sugar and sodium 
ß Low Fat Yogurt with pectin, fiber, 
sucrose and 4 probiotic cultures
ß Low Fat Lactose Free 2% Milk 
in single serve half pints 

Darigold has stepped up to the 
challenge by developing a fat-f ree 
chocolate milk that meets current 
guidelines for school nutrition 
programs while providing a flavor 
profile that kids enjoy.  
Nutritional Attributes
ß 150 calories per 8oz. serving 
ß 15gm added sugar per serving (26g 
total sugar)
ß Fat-Free
ß Lowest sodium content in chocolate 
school milk available 

“Refuel with Chocolate Milk” 
The connection between athletes and 
chocolate milk represents more than 
a promotion. Studies have shown that 
chocolate milk is an excellent recovery 
drink after exercise. Here’s why :
ß Protein = contains all the essential 
amino acids to recover and maintain 
healthy muscles
ß Carbohydrates = Refuels muscles 
during and after exercise

At left:
Darigold mascot “Smoooth” inspires 
kids to drink milk as part of their 
healthy choices.

ß Milk is 87% water = Helps replace 
fluids and prevent dehydration
ß 9 Essential Nutrients = Helps 
maintain strong bones, maintain 
normal muscle function and balance 
body fluids that are important to 
prevent cramps.

Calcium 
V itamin B12 
Riboflavin (V itamin B2)
Magnesium
Niacin
Potassium  
Phosphorous
V itamin A
V itamin D

Since 2007 Darigold has focused 
on efforts to bring the science of 
refueling with chocolate milk to more 
than 60,000 consumers who exercise 
regularly.

Sponsorships
Darigold is a visible sponsor of many 
large-scale community events. 
ß F lying Wheels (Seattle)
ß Seattle to Portland Bike Ride
(Centralia & Portland)
ß Seattle Marathon (Seattle)

 

ß Rainier Challenge Soccer  
  Tournament (Renton)
ß Relay for Life (Tacoma)
ß Issaquah Triathlon (Issaquah)
“Maintaining Health”
In addition to athletic audiences, 
Darigold is focused on reaching over 
100,000 of our general consumers 
annually with health and wellness 
dairy messages.

Product Labeling 
The primary purpose of Darigold 
packaging is to protect our products, 
deliver them safely, and communicate 
key information to our customers 
and consumers.  

Dairy is among the most regulated 
foods. Darigold maintains a close 
working relationship with the Food 
and Drug Administration (FDA) and 
the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), 
and is compliant with the Department 
of Agriculture in the corresponding 
states in which we sell our products. 
The FDA’s labeling laws are spelled 
out to us in Title 21 of the Code of 
Federal Regulations (CFR), Part 101. 
The CFR tells us that every label on 
food must clearly show the consumer 

what is in the package, how much is in 
the package, the nutrition information 
for the food, and how to contact 
the food manufacturer. Mistakes are 
very rare, and if they are noticed by a 
regulatory agency, we work with them 
to immediately rectify any deficiencies 
that may have occurred. Darigold has 
not had to pull any labeling due to 
misleading or incorrect labels that
may harm the consumer.  

Product Audits 
Our quality, technical services and 
regulatory programs that control 
labeling, standards of identity and 
container net content are regularly 
audited by third-party auditors and 
regulatory officials. Any discrepancies 
are immediately addressed and resolved.

Records dating back as far as 2001 
show no weights and measures 
violations. We are continuously 
checking weights in all Consumer 
Products plants, at least once per 
hour and more often in most plants. 
We react to any deviation by making 
adjustments to filling equipment to 
bring us back into compliance.

54

Community

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

55

Caring for Our Employees

Safety : Total Incident Rate
200,000 Hours Summar y

Safety : T ime Loss Rate 
200,000 Hours Summar y

At Darigold, we continue to focus on creating a progressive, 
team-oriented culture — one that engages and respects all 
employees throughout their Darigold career.

It is in our culture of respect and 
engagement that our employees thrive 
and contribute to one of the nation’s 
largest agricultural cooperatives. 
Through the use of innovative 
technology and our efficient, flexible 
production capabilities, our employees 
deliver value-added products and 
customer-driven solutions. We are 
proud of our history and even more 
excited about our future. 

We are continually working to create
the best possible workplace environ-
ment, in order to attract and retain 
talented individuals who will grow their 
careers and be part of the Darigold 
family for generations to come. 

Our employment policies and practices 
demonstrate our commitment to fair 
treatment of all employees wherever 
we operate. At a minimum, we comply 
with local, state and federal laws, but 
our policies cultivate a higher standard.

The following section provides an 
overview of some of the ways in which 
we create a rewarding work environment.

 

Our Workforce

2010

2009

2010

2009

Total Number
of Employees

Full-Time 
Employees

Total 
Turn Over

1,324 

1,307

98% 

97%

14% 

15%

Total Males
in Workforce

Total Females
in Workforce

Total Minorities
in Workforce

84%

85%

16% 

15%

24% 

22%

Workforce, Diversity, and Inclusion
On the whole, our ethnic make-up is
relective of the communities in which
our facilities are located. 

At Darigold, a high level of staff 
retention and motivation is important 
 to ensure the best possible perfor- 
mance at all levels. To cultivate 
such an environment, we work to 
ensure our workforce represents the 
communities in which we work by 
embracing diversity and equality while 
encouraging an inclusive environment 
that attracts and retains the best talent.

While the dairy industry tends to be 
male-oriented, and in the Northwest 
primarily white, we are striving to 
attract more females and minorities to 

our company through recruiting efforts 
utilizing community outreach and a 
targeted university recruiting program. 

Equal Opportunity and
Non-Discrimination
We want the best people to work for 
us and we don’t discriminate on the 
basis of race, color, national origin, 
gender, gender identity and expression, 
age, sexual orientation, veteran status, 
disability, marital status, creed, religion, 
or genetic information.

Since 2007, we have had four incidents 
of discrimination filed against Darigold. 
Three of the incidents were based on 
race discrimination, and the fourth was 
based on disability. In all four cases, 

20

16

12

8

4

0

16.71

11.21

10.1

7.51

6.58

7.82

2.65

1.14

0.62

0.70

2005

2006

2007

2008

2009

2005

2006

2007

2008

2009

Darigold responded immediately and 
in all four cases, the government entity 
conducting the investigation found 
the claims were unsubstantiated and 
Darigold prevailed.

It is never the intent of Darigold to 
discriminate. If claims of discrimination 
do arise, we respond immediately to 
address the situation.

Learning and Development
As an employer of choice, we are 
committed to providing a challenging 
and rewarding work environment. From 
performance and talent management 
to recognition and rewards, we make 
every effort to ensure our employees 
have the required knowledge and skill 
development necessary to succeed 
and are prepared to assume increased 
accountability throughout their careers.    

In fiscal 2010, we identified key 
learning opportunities that would 
close knowledge gaps and improve our 
employees’ ability to achieve business
results that are aligned with our 
strategic plan. As part of this 
initiative, our headquarters employees 
participated in 841 person-hours of 
training throughout the year, a 50% 
increase over 2008. In addition, our 
plant employees received substantial 

training throughout the year, and 
beginning in 2010, we will be explicitly 
tracking these training hours. In 
fiscal year 2011, we will launch a 
comprehensive leadership training 
program for all supervisors, managers, 
directors, and executives. 

As we move forward, we are committed 
to enhancing our employees’ knowledge, 
skills, and abilities while advancing 
a culture based on collaboration,  
inclusion, and mutual respect. 

Safety
At Darigold, we strongly believe 
employees are our greatest resource. 
We owe them a safe environment in 
which to work. To ensure our people 
are protected, we have developed our 
“10 Key ” process in which each plant 
team is audited yearly to measure how 
well they act and react to employee 
concerns and how committed each 
employee is to work safety. 

We have also developed a yearly 
Safety Audit. This audit is an in-
depth process to identify potential 
safety issues in each of our plants. This 
process includes discussions with plant 
employees on plant priorities, length of 
time for repairs, and feedback f rom our 
management teams. 

V isual Production Meetings, held daily 
in every plant, are an important tool for 
employee feedback. An integral part of 
our process is that all employees receive 
yearly safety training on all topics 
required by both regulatory agencies 
and Darigold. Plants are recognized 
yearly for reduction of incidents, 
and year-on-year improvements. In 
addition, as plants hit milestones for 
improvement, all plant employees are 
rewarded with lunches. 

We have further expanded our effort 
with a Family Summer Safety program 
to emphasize to family members how 
important working safely and returning 
home safely is to every family. 

Since 2005, these efforts have helped
us reduce our lost-time rate by 91%
and our total-incident rate by 61%.
In 2009, our Time Loss rate was .70 
per 200,000 hours, while the Total 
Incident rate was 6.58 per 200,000 
hours. At the beginning of 2010, we 
started experiencing a slight increase 
in our incident rates. We attribute 
this increase to an aging workforce 
and labor reductions in several of 
our operations. We are now actively 
involved in implementing additional 
analysis, training, coaching, and work 
design changes to remedy these issues.

56

Community

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

57

Caring for Our Employees

A key part of our positive work 
environment are the competitive 
beneits we ofer.

Contributing to Our Communities:
Caring About the Neighbors W ith 
Whom We Live, Work and Play

A key part of our positive work 
environment are the competitive 
benefits we offer. Eligible Darigold 
employees and their family members 
may participate in the benefits plan 
listed below. The choices are many 
— and that ’s by design, part of our 
goal to meet the needs of all of our 
employees, no matter where they are in 
their career or personal life cycle.

Medical Plans: Employees have the 
choice of three PPO Medical Plans. 
All of the medical plan choices offer 
important protection against the 
potentially high cost of medical care 
and all cover the same types of medical 
services, such as hospitalization, surgery  
and doctors. The plan also includes 
wellness coverage for services that help 
employees stay healthy.

V ision: Provided as part of medical 
coverage.

24-Hour Nurse Line: 24/7 access to 
qualified nurses to answer health-
related questions.

Dental: Employees have the choice 
between two PPO Dental Plans

Paid Time Off:  All full-time 
employees are eligible to accrue paid 
time off each year. 

Tom Phommarath running a half-pint milk iller at our Rainier plant in Seattle, Washington

401(k): Darigold provides the 
opportunity to save for the future and 
to reduce current income taxes at the 
same time through a tax-qualified 
401(k) Savings Plan. 

Holidays: Employees enjoy 72 hours 
each year.

Transit/Transportation Subsidy : 
Employees who ride the bus 10 times 
a month are eligible for a f ree bus pass. 
Vanpool and RideShare subsidies are 
available as well. 

Tuition Reimbursement: Financial 
support is provided for employees to 
obtain relevant degrees.

Employee Assistance Program: 
Employees and family members 
have 24/7 access to phone and online 
support for financial questions, legal 
information, work-life needs, and more.

Giving: Darigold matches up to a 
maximum of $5,000 per calendar year 
to eligible charities, for each eligible 
employee. 

Darigold for many years has played 
an active, relevant role throughout 
the Pacific Northwest. Through 
promoting employee volunteerism, 
supporting a wide range of community 
organizations, and simply being a good 
neighbor, we are trusted as positive 
contributors to our communities. 

Our corporate obligation to serve 
communities extends far beyond 
our core business. Our leadership in 
charitable giving is exemplified by our 
Employee Matching Gift Program.  
Darigold matches dollar for dollar 
all employee contributions to civic, 
cultural, educational and philanthropic 
organizations. Organizations bene-
fiting f rom this program include 
Puget Sound National Public Radio, 
National Multiple Sclerosis Society, 
Washington State University, and 
many others. Through cash and 
product contributions, we contribute 
to numerous events and organizations 
that resonate with our farmers, 
employees, and customers. These 
forms of annual giving promote 
goodwill and demonstrate our long-
standing commitment to being a good 
corporate citizen.

Darigold is committed to actively supporting our local communities, creating richer, healthier lives 
for each new generation.

Darigold contributes to community 
well-being in all of our 11 plant 
locations throughout Washington, 
Oregon, and Idaho. These localized 
programs demonstrate connectivity to 
community, are often employee-driven,  
 

and stem f rom a purpose consistent 
with sustainability principles. Examples 
of recipients of localized giving include 
Chambers of Commerce, Boy Scouts 
of America, various food-banks, and 
school districts, among many others.   

58

In Closing

In our irst Corporate Social Responsibility report, we have endeavored to honestly 
and straightforwardly share our current performance in key social, environmental, and 
economic areas. In general, our performance relects steady, and sometimes exceptional 
improvements in recent years. Compared to our competitors or to our own historical 
benchmarks, we can all feel proud that we are performing reasonably well in most areas. 
We are acutely aware, however, that we are not yet up to the performance standards of 
the most advanced companies in the world today with regard to sustainability or CSR. 
Additionally, we are behind where we intend to be in several important areas for us. 
Now that we have formalized our understanding of our current baseline performance, 
our next step will be to establish speciic targets for improvement and then to drive 
toward achieving them. Many of the CSR challenges in f ront of us do not have easy 
solutions. We believe we can make progress, and we look to collaborate — with customers, 
suppliers, our industry, our member-owners, and our employees — as we strive to turn 
that belief into reality. It is our irm commitment to make signiicant progress in our CSR 
performance. We intend to be bold. We fully expect to achieve signiicant breakthroughs, 
as well as to accelerate our continuous improvement eforts. CSR is a fundamental 
strategic priority for us, and we believe it will be an important basis for us to achieve 
competitive advantage. We look forward to sharing with you the story of our progress.

CSR Steering Committee: 
(Standing, L to R) Mike Bevers, Dean Van Tuinen, Helen Yee, Bruce Bennett, Mike Campbell, Terry Smith, Jan Roberts, Jef Colyar, Michelle Carter, Clark Olsen, Susan Son 
(Seated, L to R) Jonathan Maltos, Consultant Lorinda Rowledge, Project Manager Kim Kennedy, Consultant Russell Barton 
(Not Pictured) Executive Sponsor Steve Rowe, Wayne Cottrell, Randy Eronimous, Nicko Fusso, Antone Mickelson, Joe Portmann

Corporate Governance 
Darigold and its parent company, the Northwest Dairy 
Association, have a long-standing commitment to good 
corporate governance practices. These practices provide a 
f ramework for our board of directors and management to 
pursue the strategic objectives of the company and to ensure 
its long-term vitality for the benefit of our dairy farming 
member-owners and other stakeholders. 

Our Board consists primarily of directors democratically 
elected f rom among our membership, each of whom 
represents a specific geographic district.  In addition, two 
independent, non-employee directors also sit on the Darigold 
Board. Our board Chair is a non-employee director, and all 
board committees are composed entirely of non-employee 
directors. All directors stand for re-election every three years, 
and may be removed for cause prior to the end of their term.  

The company is firmly committed to integrity in its financial 
reporting and control activities. Company policies establish 
our high expectations and standards of ethical behavior in 
the workplace, especially in the area of financial reporting 
and control. The company employs an independent internal 
auditor who reports directly to the Audit Committee. 

A f ramework exists that includes definitive policies and 
procedures, standards, and regular auditing activities to 
ensure our business is appropriately controlled and our 
financial reporting complies with all regulatory standards. 
Our management assertions regarding the integrity of our 
financial reports and internal control systems are supported 
by our internal audit function and our external auditors.

Corporate Social Responsibility Governance
Our Sustainability initiative is endorsed by our Board of 
Directors and led by our CEO and a senior vice-president 
Executive Sponsor. The Management Committee reviews 
the work quarterly. Day-to-day leadership for the initiative is 
provided by a Project Manager. The Project Manager chairs 
a Corporate Social Responsibility Steering Committee, 
which consists of directors f rom all functions of the 
company. In addition, a cross-functional communications 
team helps share the sustainability story and increase 
employee engagement, while our environment team leads the 
implementation of our Environmental Management System 
and all our environmental activities in all 11 Darigold plants.

60

Darigold 2010 Corporate Social Responsibility Report

Invitation for Feedback and Dialogue
We encourage you to comment on our irst Corporate Social Responsibility Report. 
We look forward to creating new and stronger dialogues with our interested 
stakeholders as we drive to improve our CSR performance. Help us better understand. 
Support us as we work together. Join us as we journey down this critical path. 
We welcome your insight, and appreciate your faith in our ability to improve.

Steve Rowe
CSR Executive Sponsor 

Kim Kennedy
CSR Project Manager

Share your thoughts with us at:
csr_report_feedback@darigold.com

Or by mail: 
P.O. Box 34377 
Seattle, WA 98124-1377

GRI Content Index

Strategy & Analysis    

1.1-1.2:  pp. 12-13

Organizational Proile  

2.1-2.10:  pp. 8-11

Report Parameters  

Governance  

 

 

Performance Indicators:

     Economic:  

     Environment:  

     Social:    

 

 

 

3.1-3.8, 3.10-3.12:  p. 2, p. 13

4.1-4.4, 4.14-4.15:  p. 59, p. 13

pp. 16-17, 18-23

pp. 16-17, 24-45

pp. 16-17, 46-57

Report Application Level:  Self-declared Level C, with all required G3 
Proile Disclosures, and a minimum of 10 Performance Indicators, with at 
least one in each of social, economic, and environment

© 2010 Darigold, Inc.     Design: Albert Treskin Design     Printing: ColorGraphics-Seattle

10%

Darigold, Inc.

MAILING ADDRESS

P.O. Box 34377
Seattle, Washington 98124-1377

CORPORATE OFFICE

1130 Rainier Avenue South
Seattle, Washington 98144

(877) NDA-MILK  www.nwdairy.coop
(800) 333-MILK  www.darigold.com

On the cover:
David and Jania Wolﬀ
Darigold father and daughter farmer-owners 
Central Point, Oregon

