Bernie Williams Jr., right, former New York Yankees player and five-time Major League Baseball All-Star, poses with CEO Carlos Brito on Global Be(er) Responsible Day, Sept. 21, 2012,
in Times Square after taking the pledge to be a designated driver.

At Anheuser-Busch InBev, we constantly challenge ourselves to 
dream bigger and achieve more. 

Becoming the Best Beer Company in a Better 
World is an ambitious dream. But it is one we 
believe is worth pursuing. It starts with a culture 
that fosters the right conversations with the 
right stakeholders, both inside and outside our 
company. From there, it is all about turning that 
dialogue into meaningful actions that drive  
real results. 

I am pleased to report that Anheuser-Busch 
InBev is achieving these results, as evidenced by 
the progress we have made toward our Better 
World goals. We focus on three areas that are 
important both to our business and to our world: 
responsible drinking, the environment and our 
communities.

In 2012, we achieved the three-year global 
environmental goals that we set on water, 
energy, carbon emissions and recycling. 
In keeping with our culture of employee 
engagement and continuous improvement, 
we reached some of these goals ahead of 
schedule and beat most of our original targets. 
A key was our constant sharing of environmental 
best practices throughout all our breweries 
around the world. While we are pleased with 
these accomplishments, we also realize a lot 
more remains to be done. That is why we plan 
to announce a challenging new set of global 
environmental goals later in 2013.

As the world’s leading brewer, we know we also 
must take the lead in promoting responsible 
drinking – encouraging consumers of legal 
drinking age to enjoy our products responsibly 
and encouraging those who are underage to 
respect the law. In 2011, we announced a set of 
six Global Responsible Drinking Goals that we 
have committed to achieve by the end of 2014.  
These goals guide our efforts to prevent the 
harmful use of alcohol, including drunk driving 
and underage drinking. We will announce the 
sum of our two years of progress later in the year.  
As an important part of this effort, we devote 
considerable resources to educational programs 
that encourage positive behavior by partnering 
with families, educators, law enforcement and 
our commercial and retail partners. 

In the communities where we live and work, 
our impact goes far beyond the jobs we create 
and the wages and taxes we contribute to 
the local economies. Through our business 
operations and our foundations, we provide 
charitable donations, engage employees in 
volunteer programs, form unique community 
partnerships and mobilize our resources to 
support victims and relief workers during disaster 


and emergency situations. In 2012, for example, 
we donated more than 1.4 million cans of 
drinking water to support disaster relief efforts in 
the United States, 1 million of which went to help 
those affected by Superstorm Sandy. More than 
21,000 of our colleagues around the world also 
volunteered in their communities during 
the year. 

Of course, none of the results you will see in 
the following pages would be possible without 
our people. Our 118,000 colleagues are the 
foundation of everything we do. They are at 
the heart of our culture of collaboration and 
ownership, and conversations that drive actions 
and results. And, around the world, we all are 
guided by a strong Code of Business Conduct 
that helps ensure that our company honors 
its commitment to the highest standards 
of integrity in all that we do. One of the key 
components of the Code is our Anti-Corruption 
Policy and Compliance Program, which includes 
an annual online training and certification 
program for employees. This commitment, of 
course, starts at the top. In 2012, our Board 
of Directors received in-person anti-corruption 
and compliance training, which is also now 
done annually.

Our dream is an ongoing journey. We know that 
there are many more conversations to be had, 
more actions to be taken and, most important, 
more results to achieve. Thank you for being part 
of the conversation as we strive to be the Best 
Beer Company in a Better World. 

Carlos Brito, Chief Executive Officer


Dream, People, Culture: 

Our dream is to be the 
Best Beer Company in 
a Better World. And the 
keys to bringing that 
dream to life are our 
People and our Culture. 

Becoming the best is both our commitment and our ongoing 
challenge. We constantly raise the bar to build a company 
that will generate sustainable long-term growth and results. 
Ten principles guide us in that effort:


Dream 
 01 Our shared dream energizes everyone 
to work in the same direction: to be the 
Best Beer Company in a Better World. 
People 
02 Great people, allowed to grow at the pace of  
their talent and compensated accordingly, are 
the most valuable assets of our company. 

03 We must select people who, with the right 
development, challenges and encouragement, 
can be better than ourselves.

Culture 
04 We are never completely satisfied with 
our results, which are the fuel of our company. 
Focus and zero-complacency guarantee 
lasting competitive advantage. 

05 The consumer is the Boss. We connect 
with our consumers through meaningful 
brand experiences, balancing heritage and 
innovation, and always in a responsible way. 

06 We are a company of owners. Owners take 
results personally. 

07 We believe common sense and simplicity 
are usually better guidelines than unnecessary 
sophistication and complexity. 

08 We manage our costs tightly, to free up 
resources that will support top-line growth. 

09 Leadership by personal example is the best 
guide to our culture. We do what we say. 

10 We don’t take shortcuts. Integrity, hard 
work, quality and consistency are keys to 
building our company.

Brewing a Better World

Conversation, Action, Results 
We know our dream is ambitious. But any dream worth 
pursuing should be. As we work to be the Best Beer 
Company in a Better World, we are in constant conversation 
with our stakeholders – and taking actions – according 
to the three pillars that define our Better World focus: 
Responsible Drinking, Environment and Community. 
And most importantly, we are seeing results.

BREWING A BETTER WORLD

Better World Pillars

Responsible Drinking
We promote responsible enjoyment of our products around the world and
help educate communities through consumer campaigns on topics such as
drunk-driving and underage-drinking prevention.

Environment  
Brewing the best beer in a better world requires that we look for every opportunity 
to do more with less. We set ambitious environmental targets in water conservation, 
energy use/greenhouse gas emissions and recycling, and we share responsibility for 
meeting these goals throughout the entire company. 

Community 
We take pride in being a responsible corporate citizen and giving back to 
the communities where we live and work across the 23 countries in which we 
operate. Whether it’s by creating jobs, paying wages and taxes or  encouraging 
our employees to volunteer, we continually look for new  ways to make a 
sustained impact.

Our People: 
Underlying and supporting these three pillars are our people – the very engine that drives us forward 
and keeps the conversations going. We know that in order to be the Best Beer Company in a Better 
World, we need to continue to attract and retain the best and brightest people, further our efforts to 
be a better workplace and enhance the Better World programs that have a measurable impact on our 
customers around the globe. Together, holding one another to the highest standards of ethics and 
integrity, we will continue Brewing a Better World and keep alive the rich, empowering conversations 
our predecessors began in 1366 with the founding of the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven, Belgium.

We continue to work with a number of partners – including
suppliers, wholesalers, procurement companies and packaging 
experts – to identify new ways to minimize the environmental 
impact and cost of our packaging, while meeting quality standards 
and consumer expectations.


Conversation, Action, Results 
As the world’s largest brewer, we are 
We know our dream is ambitious. But any dream worth 
committed to promoting the responsible 
pursuing should be. As we work to be the Best Beer 
enjoyment of our products worldwide by 
Company in a Better World, we’re in constant conversation 
with our stakeholders – and taking actions – according 
adults of legal drinking age. We adamantly 
to the three pillars that define our Better World focus: 
oppose the harmful use of alcohol, 
Responsible Drinking, Environment and Community. And 
most importantly, we’re seeing results.
including excessive drinking, drunk 
driving and underage drinking. 

 
Taking Our Commitment to a New Level 
As we continue to look for new ways to promote the responsible use of our products, we 
joined with other leading producers of beer, wine and spirits, and pledged our support to the 
implementation of the World Health Organization’s (WHO) Global Strategy to Reduce the Harmful 
Use of Alcohol. Over the next five years, starting in 2013, these companies will work together 
on the Global Actions Commitments to address the following:

Reducing underage drinking
Strengthening and expanding marketing codes of practice
Providing consumer information and responsible product innovation
Reducing drinking and driving
Enlisting the support of retailers to reduce harmful drinking

This commitment is part of our support of the International Center for Alcohol Policies’ (ICAP)  
mission of promoting understanding of the role of alcohol in society and helping to reduce alcohol 
abuse worldwide, while encouraging dialogue among the industry, governments and the public 
health community. It is consistent with our long-standing actions to help prevent the harmful use of 
alcohol through our Global Be(er) Responsible Day and other responsible drinking programs.

In addition, in 2012, we launched a new company website, www.tapintoyourbeer.com, to provide 
consumers with an additional resource for information about our beers around the world. The website 
provides information on the alcohol content, calories, ingredients and nutritional value for our global 
and Focus Brands in our key markets.  It also includes responsible drinking tips, as well as beer and 
food pairing ideas.  In 2013, we will be adding additional brands to the site and making the 
information available in our key country languages.

Keeping Conversations Going 

In 2012, our country-specific efforts included:

Belgium 
Our team participated in Global Be(er) Responsible Day by organizing a “Feet on the Street” 
initiative where about 75 colleagues distributed flyers on responsible drinking in several 
Belgian cities, while also providing samples of our Jupiler Force and Hoegaarden 0.0 non-alcohol 
beverages. We also launched our Family Talk website (www.familytalkonline.be). Throughout the year, 
we continued to support responsible drinking programs such as “BOB,” a designated driver effort, 
and “Respect 16,” which reminds retailers to sell only to those of legal drinking age. In addition, we 
launched major “Don’t Drink and Drive” advertising campaigns using our Jupiler NA and Hoegaarden 
0.0 non-alcohol brands.

Germany
Our team in Germany kept the conversation going among one of our key target audiences, 
18- to 25-year-olds. Building on an already successful program foundation, we expanded the 
groundbreaking peer-to-peer ambassador program “Gekl¨art, wer F¨ahrt!” (Check Who’s Driving) 
with the goal of making this the best-known and most-used don’t drink and drive message 
campaign in Germany. 


With a strategic nine-step process, the team kicked off its 2012 campaign with an integrated 
approach that included one-on-one and small-group interaction, a robust Facebook presence 
and traditional media outreach. 

“Responsible use of alcohol is needed by novice drivers. Education 
and preventive measures, such as “Gekl¨art, wer F ¨ahrt!” help to 
make young people aware of the dangers, so it is a matter of 
course to only drive sober.” 

Mechthild Heil,  
Consumer Protection Officer in the German Bundestag 

Russia and Ukraine 
In our Central and Eastern Europe Zone, more than 7,500 employees from our sales teams, 
breweries, and offices participated in Global Be(er) Responsible Day. They provided ID-checking 
materials to retailers to remind them to sell our beers only to consumers of legal drinking age in 
compliance with the law.


China
AB InBev China took its conversation online in 2012 and is the latest country to implement Family 
Talk, a program created by parenting, education and family-counseling experts to help parents talk 
with young people about underage drinking. We started the program in the U.S. in 1990 and continue 
to customize it to local cultures in each of our Zones. When we launched Family Talk in Beijing in 
September 2012, it was the first public education campaign to prevent underage drinking in China. 
To spread the word, we partnered with the China Youth Development Foundation and psychologist 
Zhang Yiyun, as well as with the Southern Weekly newspaper and the China Alcoholic Drinks 
Association’s Beer Branch.

Our team of 2,000 employees in 50 cities supported the launch by distributing China’s 
first-ever parents’ guide on underage-drinking prevention. We also launched a social media 
app, “No Worries for Mums & Dads,” that provides parenting tips. The public was encouraged 
to make the commitment to help prevent underage drinking, share the guide and discuss the 
topic on social media using hashtags.

In addition to Family Talk, AB InBev China premiered a short film – “True Love Needs a Designated 
Driver” – with the tagline “I Do,” as a continuation of our 2011 campaign. The story showed that 
choosing to use a designated driver is an expression of true love and caring. The cast included a 
celebrity couple, AB InBev’s APAC Zone President, Miguel Patricio, and local traffic police. Once the 
film was released on TuDou.com, YouKu.com, Sina.com and other video sites, we issued a challenge: 
If the video was shared 500,000 times from Budweiser’s Sina Weibo webpage, we would make a 
donation to build another Hope School (schools that give children from underprivileged families a 
chance at an education). The film received 6 million views in just one day and the sharing goal was 
achieved in only six weeks. By August, we had reached over 55 million views and announced our 
support for the construction of Suqian Hope Primary School in Jiangsu province.


United States 
In 2012, our U.S. operations celebrated the 30th anniversary of the company’s first responsible 
drinking campaign, “Know When to Say When.”  To recognize this accomplishment, we unveiled a 
new online and social media campaign – “Nation of Responsible Drinkers” – which asks adults to 
pledge their commitment to drink responsibly and then encourage their Facebook friends to do 
the same. In the past three decades, the company and its wholesalers have committed more than 
$980 million in national advertising campaigns and community-based programs to encourage 
responsible drinking and prevent underage drinking and drunk driving. 

Canada 
In 2012, we launched our Budweiser “Good Sport” fan management program in partnership with 
the Toronto Blue Jays Major League Baseball team to encourage the use of designated drivers and 
responsible behavior at the games. About 14,000 fans pledged to be designated drivers.  We added 
our hometown hockey team, the London Knights, in November to the “Good Sport” family.

We also enhanced our Family Talk About Drinking program through partnerships with parenting 
experts and health professionals, and expanded LabattFamilyTalk.ca with videos and other content 
to help parents prevent underage drinking.  In partnership with provincial regulators and local 
police, hundreds of employees brought Global Be(er) Responsible Day and the “We I.D.” programme 
to retailers and licensees across Canada. In addition to providing tips on effectively checking IDs 
to help prevent underage drinking, employees directly encouraged consumers to Take the Pledge 
on iPads to not drink and drive.


Brazil 
In partnership with the Government of the State of São Paulo, our Brazil team launched a project 
to educate and train professionals on responsible alcohol beverage sales and consumption. We 
created and adapted, with the collaboration of professors from the Centro Paula Souza, learning 
material that includes video, a student textbook and classroom guide. The content addresses the 
history and culture of alcohol beverages, as well as alcohol’s impacts on health and well-being, and 
the importance of selling and serving alcohol responsibly. This project will be part of the Via Rápida 
Emprego (Fast Way Employment) program in qualification courses for waiters, barmen, bartenders, 
hotel reception and services, baristas, and doormen. 
 
In addition, the company continued its strong support for helping prevent drunk driving by donating 
2,000 breathalyzers to law enforcement authorities in Curitiba, State of Paraná, and Recife, State of 
Pernambuco. We have now donated more than 92,000 breathalyzers in the past decade. 
 
In addition, on Global Be(er) Responsible Day, we also enlisted the support of nine of the country’s 
football clubs sponsored by Brahma to remind consumers that “the combination of minors and 
alcohol is like kicking the ball out of play” and should not be allowed. 



Argentina
In 2012, we launched a new “POC Code” campaign to educate and raise awareness of store owners 
on the importance of selling our products only to those of legal drinking age by promoting examples 
and best practices in order to encourage positive behaviors. Argentine law prohibits the sale of alcohol 
beverages to anyone under age 18. To support this law, we created a voluntary “code,” which we asked 
retailers to sign that encouraged them to:



Communicate through materials in store that alcohol beverages are intended only for those 
of legal drinking age;
Request an ID; and
Not sell our products to anyone under legal drinking age. 

We set up a control group of 458 stores that did not receive the POC Code program and a group of 
453 stores that did sign-on to the campaign across the cities of Charcas, Neuquen, Pompaya and 
Rosario. Those who agreed to use the campaign received the Code materials to display in their stores, 
and we uploaded their image to a special Facebook app for the campaign. There, customers could 
locate the responsible retailers within their neighborhood and congratulate them with “virtual 
applause” via the app for being true to the Code and not selling alcohol to those under the legal 
drinking age.

We then carried out an audit using “mystery shoppers” with a representative sample of the 
control group of retailers who had no intervention and a representative sample of the retailers 
who participated in the campaign to determine if they would sell to individuals under the legal 
drinking age. Results showed that retailers participating in the Code campaign were 2.8 times more 
likely to sell responsibly than those in the control group that did not participate. The research showed 
that retailers, such as grocery stores, bars and restaurants, were more likely to comply with the Code 
than self-service/convenience retailers. In addition, the retailer that got the most applause via the 
Facebook app and passed the audit won a trip to Cataratas del Iguazú, and the rest of the retailers that 
passed the audit received bags and campaign T-shirts to help spread the message.
 
We will now work with local authorities to share this best practice and broaden the POC Code 
to more retailers across Argentina, while continuing to evaluate and demonstrate the results 
obtained to recognize and reward responsible retailers.


Think big and definitely sweat the small 
stuff. That’s the AB InBev mindset, as we set 
and achieve ambitious environmental goals, 
launch bold partnerships and strive to  
conserve and protect every last drop of  
water we can.


The stakes have never been higher. The two greatest 
environmental challenges of our time, the scarcity of 
fresh water and global climate change, have far-reaching 
implications – for our company, our communities 
and our planet.

In response, we are looking inside our walls for solutions, as well as taking part in such collaborative 
initiatives as the United Nations (UN) Global Compact, the UN Environmental Programme, the 
UN CEO Water Mandate, and the Beverage Industry Environmental Roundtable. 

In Every Challenge, an Opportunity
As the world’s largest brewer, we recognize that AB InBev’s environmental footprint extends far 
and wide. That same scale, however, offers unprecedented opportunities for doing more with less, 
developing and sharing best practices and mobilizing actions that make a genuine, lasting difference. 

The availability of high-quality water, a core ingredient in all of our products, is under mounting 
pressure due to both human activities and extreme weather events. So the task of identifying 
and managing water risk increasingly reaches beyond our company. It requires a comprehensive 
program that includes improving the efficiency of our own operations, working with suppliers on 
better agricultural processes, and partnering with NGOs, local communities, governments and other 
companies to restore and preserve critical local watersheds.  

Manufacturing, packaging and distributing beverages also requires energy- and materials-intensive 
processes that grow ever more complex as our product portfolio and geographic reach expand. To 
sustain and expand gains in environmental performance, we must push for continuous improvement, 
not only within our company, but throughout our entire supply chain. That’s why we are working on 
many fronts to reduce our emissions, improve transportation logistics, use lighter-weight materials 
and, where possible, less materials.


WED is much more than a feel-good celebration – it’s a forum for rallying our employees 
and other stakeholders around important natural resource issues. What’s more, it creates 
healthy competition among our facilities to develop new best practices.

The global winner in 2012 was our brewery in Wuhan, China, which won for its success  
in engaging employees to take part in numerous initiatives, including continued water 
conservation actions that have contributed to a 10-percent reduction in water use per 
hectoliter of product during 2012. The brewery also has developed a best-practice water 
reclamation project that uses treated water inside the facility for cooling, as well as to  
support community gardens and fire suppression efforts.


Setting and Reaching Environmental Goals  
AB InBev’s dream of being the Best Beer Company in a Better World depends upon our ability to see 
deep within our global operations and collaborate across all of them. In the past three years alone, 
this approach has led to an 18.6-percent reduction in water use, a 15.7-percent decrease in carbon 
emissions and an increase in our recycling rate from 98.2 percent to 99.2 percent for solid waste and 
byproducts – all reaching or surpassing targets set in 2009. And this same approach will guide us as 
we set and pursue a fresh set of goals, which we will announce later in 2013. 

We develop our global environmental goals with input from key internal stakeholders, including 
our Board of Directors, as well as key external stakeholders, such as leading environmental and 
social responsibility NGOs. From there, each of our six geographically based operational Zones 
sets its zone- and facility-level targets in coordination with global Supply (brewing) and Better World 
teams. Responsibility for reaching these goals goes from the senior management level to employees 
at facility-level operations, and compensation for many of our employees is tied to their achievement.

Accurate and timely information is the key to setting and managing our targets. At the heart of our 
ability to gather and act on that information is our global management system, known as Voyager 
Plant Optimization (VPO). This system is used to manage every aspect of our brewery operations, 
including environmental performance. It incorporates standards drawn from – and in many cases, 
more stringent than – widely accepted general and environmental management protocols such as 
ISO standards. VPO is the centralized framework AB InBev uses to benchmark our water and energy 
use, quantify performance gaps, identify and disseminate best practices and monitor our progress. 

Accountability also is a big part of the VPO framework. By the end of 2012, about 95 percent of our 
beverage plants throughout the world had been certified in accordance with our VPO requirements. 
Most of the plants that have not yet been certified are newly acquired or commissioned, and 
activities are underway to reach full compliance. 

In 2012, AB InBev also began researching life cycle analysis (LCA) tools to help us understand the 
environmental and economic opportunities and impacts of our products throughout the entire 
value chain. We plan to pilot one of these tools in 2013, taking into account everything from raw 
materials, value-added manufacturing processes and end-of-life disposition. We expect that, 
once implemented, LCA tools will play an important role in helping us shape and achieve future 
environmental and cost-savings goals.

 

“I applaud Anheuser-Busch InBev’s holistic 
approach to water management by investing 
at three critical levels: operations, supply 
chain and watersheds. At the watershed 
level, AB InBev’s activities in Brazil with the 
CYAN Movement and pilot programs that 
incent landowners to protect water quality 
are examples of leading practices. I look 
forward to seeing how AB InBev addresses the 
challenges of promoting sustainable water 
management in its supply chain and working 
collaboratively with a variety of water users 
who have different priorities and interests.”

Ryan Flaherty, Manager, Advisory Services, 
Business for Social Responsibility 



High-quality water is critical to our products and central to many of 
the processes we use to produce them – from steam production to 
cooling and cleaning. Yet, rapid population growth and economic 
development are creating more demand for water than at any time 
in history.

In less than the span of one human lifetime, freshwater consumption has more than doubled – and is 
expected to jump another 25 percent by 2030. Today, one-third of the world’s population resides in 
water-stressed regions. Without appropriate action, that proportion may also double in just over 
a decade.

Because AB InBev has some production facilities in water-stressed regions, we are taking action 
now to conserve this precious resource and restore and preserve the ecosystems that support it. 
We are doing it inside our own facilities and as a signatory to the UN CEO Water Mandate, a unique 
public-private initiative designed to advance solutions in partnership with the United Nations, NGOs, 
governments, suppliers and other stakeholders.


Internal Efficiencies and Comprehensive Risk Assessments 
In 2012, AB InBev reached a leading-edge milestone: We now use an average of 3.5 hectoliters of 
water for each hectoliter of product produced (hl/hl) – a more than 18-percent reduction in water use 
in just three years and a savings of 10 million USD. To put that in perspective, the amount of water we 
saved by improving efficiency since 2009 totals more than 300 million hectoliters, or the amount of 
water needed to produce about 25 billion cans of AB InBev products. That’s about 20 percent of our 
yearly production.1

Because water is so critical to our business and to our communities, AB InBev performs annual 
water risk assessments at our beverage and other manufacturing facilities throughout the world. 
It’s a two-step process. First we apply a high-level screen, using a globally recognized water-risk 
assessment tool and an internal survey that covers physical, regulatory and reputation risk areas. 
If this screen indicates that a particular facility may be at risk, then we look much deeper into that 
facility, using our own custom-designed assessment tool that also requires action plans to manage 
and reduce risks. To enhance our water risk assessment process even further, we have integrated 
it into our VPO management system and regularly engage our experts throughout the company 
through technical meetings and quarterly conference calls. In 2012, less than 8 percent of our 
breweries were assessed as high-risk through this process. We currently have high-risk locations 
in North and South America and China.

 
Total and per-hectoliter water use data encompass beverage facilities only.

  The cans-of-beer equivalency was calculated by totaling the three-year water savings, which equaled 312,330,230 hectoliters, or 
  87.9 billion 335-mL cans. That number was then divided by the company’s current usage rate of 3.5 hectoliters of water per hectoliter 
  of production, which equals 25 billion cans.



External Multistakeholder Partnerships – 
The CYAN Movement 
The need for collective action on water issues has never been greater. While the concept of shared 
water risks is relatively new and the realities of collaborating with multiple stakeholders are complex, 
AB InBev is finding ways to make it work. The CYAN Movement, a project AB InBev launched in Brazil 
on World Water Day in 2010, is an excellent example. The project was named for the cyan blue color  
of water that symbolized the movement and the belief that those who truly “see” water, see its value.

CYAN is a broad-based initiative designed to promote water conservation in water-stressed areas.  
An important component of CYAN is the Basins Project, which focuses specifically on the recovery  
and conservation of important water basins in Brazil. The first Basins Project effort was conducted  
in partnership with the World Wildlife Fund, local communities and governments to study and drive 
conservation efforts in the Corumbá-Paranoá Basin, which provides the water used by our  
Brasilia brewery.

In 2012, we began planning a new stage in the Basins Project in the Jaguariúna region of Brazil, in 
conjunction with The Nature Conservancy (TNC), the world’s largest environmental organization.  
The aim is to conserve the water basin that supplies a portion of the water to the greater São Paulo 
region and our beverage facility in Jaguariúna. The initial phase of the work, which we launched on 
World Water Day, March 22, 2013, involves creating a group of local partners and identifying the  
most critical areas needing restoration. It is centered on the idea that natural areas provide a range  
of services for society, with the supply and quality of water being one of the most important. 

This project is part of TNC’s efforts to mobilize the public and private sectors, and civil society in rolling 
out economically viable solutions focused on the conservation and restoration of natural capital to 
ensure the supply and quality of water in large urban centers.

Another important aspect of the CYAN initiative is the CYAN Bank, a partnership we have established 
with local water utilities to engage consumers online, educate them about sound water management 
practices and reward them for their positive efforts. The incentives? A lower water bill and points 
awarded to participants for reducing or maintaining water consumption levels in their homes. The 
points can be applied toward discounts on products from online retailers. By the end of 2012, this 
aspect of CYAN was rolled out in three cities – São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Uberaba-Minas 
Gerais – and has saved more than 188 million liters of water.

Grow One, Save A Million 
In 2012, AB InBev employees throughout the globe participated in a light-hearted 
initiative to promote the importance of water conservation, both at work and at 
home. Grow One, Save A Million, launched in conjunction with World Environment 
Day, encouraged employees to stop shaving their faces for a set period of time. Nearly 
8,000 employees participated worldwide. In 2012, our employees, their families and our 
consumers in the United States pledged to save more than 3.6 million liters of water by 
shortening their showers, turning off the water while they brushed their teeth, and/or 
growing beards. Most of this was achieved through pledges made by our employees and 
their family members. Pledges made on our Budweiser brand Facebook page accounted 
for more than 144,000 liters of the savings. 


Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Energy 
Rising energy prices and the threat of global climate change associated with greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions have made energy a strategic focus at AB InBev for many years. We take a comprehensive 
approach to reducing both costs and emissions by continuously improving efficiency, switching to 
lower emission and more cost-effective fuels, using renewables when feasible, and participating in 
carbon markets when it makes business sense. 

Surpassing Global Reduction Goals 

AB InBev’s efforts to do more with less have paid excellent 
dividends. While production increased, our GHG emissions and 
energy use dropped significantly. Our goal was to cut each by  
10 percent per hectoliter of product by the end of 2012, using 
2009 as a baseline. We are pleased to report that we surpassed 
both those targets, cutting GHGs by nearly 16 percent and energy 
use by 12 percent. Our China breweries led this effort by reducing 
GHGs and energy use by nearly 30 percent since 2009.

Our reduced energy consumption has saved the company approximately 82 million USD since 2009. 
What’s more, our ability to lower our GHG emissions positions us to better adapt to potential carbon 
taxes and regulations in the future, while reducing our impact on the environment today.

We calculate our GHG emissions using the Scope 1 (direct) and Scope 2 (indirect) emissions that result 
from our production facilities, based on the widely accepted World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development World Resources Institute GHG protocol. Scope 1 accounts for almost 61 percent of our 
emissions and includes CO2 equivalent (CO2e) from fuel used in our manufacturing processes and 
in cogeneration plants that generate on-site electricity. Scope 2 accounts for about 39 percent and 
represents emissions from purchased electricity. We have also begun to document some Scope 3 
emissions from our suppliers’ transportation and logistics activities (see page 40).



Total GHG emissions data encompass beverage facilities and most vertical operations, including malt plants and packaging facilities. 
Total energy consumption, per-hectoliter GHG emissions and per-hectoliter energy consumption data encompass beverage facilities only.  
Energy consumption includes fuel used in our boilers and our co-generation plants to generate on-site electricity and purchased electricity. 

Renewable Energy
Using renewable energy at many of our plants throughout the world helps us to reduce both costs 
and GHG emissions. In 2012, renewables made up nearly 6 percent of our global energy mix. 

AB InBev relies upon a variety of renewable energy sources, including solar, wind, bio-mass and 
bio-energy recovery systems that generate bio-gas fuel from industrial byproducts of our operations. 
We are one of the largest users of solar power in the U.S. brewing industry, and our operations in 
Brazil obtain nearly 30 percent of their thermal energy needs from renewable bio-mass and bio-gas.


We have also been able to cost-effectively reduce emissions by participating in carbon markets. By 
developing renewable energy projects that create excess generation capacity, we are able to secure 
certified carbon credits that may be sold to other companies to help them meet their emissions  
reduction goals. Our renewable energy installations in Viamao, Brazil, and other parts of South 
America have been registered by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change 
to produce these certified carbon credits, which we expect to sell in the future.


Materials and Recycling

From the grain used to brew our beer, to the filtering medium used 
to polish our beers, to the glass, aluminum, plastic and paper that 
comprise our packaging, beverage manufacturing is a materials-
intensive business.. 

Surpassing Global Recycling and Reuse Rates
Three years ago we made a commitment to achieve a 99 percent recycle rate of our solid waste by 
the end of 2012. Our actual rate in 2012 was 99.2 percent, with 135 of our 137 plants worldwide 
achieving zero-waste-to-landfill status (which is defined by the Zero Waste International Alliance as 
diverting at least 90 percent of all solid waste from landfills). Our efforts in pursuit of this goal cut the 
amount of waste we sent to landfills by nearly 55 percent from 2011 to 2012, even though our overall 
materials use increased slightly.


Thinking Bigger About Packaging
We have established global packaging best practices and benchmarks, and continuously challenge 
our Zones to implement best in class, more sustainable packaging solutions. In addition, we value 
the input from our consumers and other stakeholders and have created an open innovation portal to 
collect ideas. Our Research and Development team is working with universities and institutes in order 
to increase packaging strength while also light weighting.



Compared with manufacturing new plastic bottles, 
these 100-percent recycled bottles have numerous 
environmental and economic benefits. At our current 
production scale, these include:

 » Using 2,100 fewer tons of packaging materials;
 »
Saving 9.2 cubic meters of landfill for every ton of PET bottles recycled;
 »
Emitting 70 percent less carbon by using 70 percent less energy; and
 » Using 20 percent less water.

The introduction of these new bottles was made possible by an innovative, 
multistakeholder initiative that encouraged and enabled the recycling of beverage bottles.  
For years, a myriad of local recycling and packaging policies in Brazil had made it difficult 
for our local brewery to use post-consumer recyclables in our packaging. But by working 
closely with the recycling industry, consumers, NGOs and government officials, we were 
able to develop a recycling system for bottles made of PET, which we then reuse in  
our packaging.  


Using Less Packaging Material  
At AB InBev, we constantly look for ways to use less, lighter-weight and recycled materials in our 
packaging, which reduces costs, cuts waste and minimizes the consumption of natural resources 
and transportation fuel. Several initiatives in 2012 underscore our approach.

In the United Kingdom, we redesigned our 275ml Beck’s and Beck’s Blue bottles to use less glass, 
while maintaining strict quality standards. The new bottles are 11 percent lighter and require less 
energy to manufacture. We expect this change to impact more than 130 million bottles in 2013, 
saving a total of 2,642 metric tons of glass and avoiding nearly 2,000 metric tons of CO2e emissions 
from the manufacturing process – roughly equivalent to the amount of GHGs released by 380 
U.K. households to power their homes each year. The lighter-weight bottles will also help cut 
transportation-related GHG emissions.


Other examples of our efforts to reduce material use in packaging around the world include:
 

Making Bricks from Brewery Byproducts
One of the finishing touches in our brewing process is to make our beer visually bright by filtering 
out yeast and protein products. Among the most efficient filtering media available is a naturally 
occurring sedimentary rock, known as kieselguhr, or diatomaceous earth, which has been crumbled 
into a fine powder. As the yeast and solids accumulate in the kieselguhr, it eventually reaches the 
end of its useful life as a filtering medium. That’s when its new life begins as the primary material for 
manufacturing high-quality building bricks.

In 2012, as part of AB InBev’s aggressive efforts to minimize the amount of waste we send to landfills, 
our Agudos, Teresina and Aquiraz breweries in Brazil recycled 2,450 tons of spent kieselguhr, from 
which 525,000 bricks were made. That’s enough to build nearly 1,000 typical Brazilian homes. This is 
another example of our commitment to capture the value of as many of our byproducts as possible.


Responsible Supply Chain Sourcing

AB InBev, like many large companies, increasingly looks at our entire value chain for opportunities to 
reduce costs, reduce environmental impacts and foster economic stability among our many suppliers. 
We know that a significant portion of our water and GHG footprints are associated with the activities 
of those suppliers. Understanding these impacts is highly complex, but it’s something we are working 
hard to do. At the same time, we want to ensure that the companies from which we purchase products 
and services are operating in an ethical and responsible manner.

In pursuit of our responsible sourcing goals, we take part in industry and NGO initiatives that seek 
to improve supply chain performance. We are a member of AIM-Progress, a global forum of consumer 
goods companies sponsored by the European Brands Association and the Grocery Manufacturers 
Association. The group’s purpose is to promote responsible supply chain and sourcing standards 
covering labor practices, health and safety, environmental management and business integrity.  
As a member, we report audits of our suppliers to AIM-Progress. 





Engaging Agricultural Suppliers
While water is the main ingredient common to all of our products, the most significant amount of  
water related to our product is what is used by our suppliers to grow the barley and other raw materials 
for our brewing processes. This is similar for food and beverage companies that rely on agricultural 
inputs. In fact, agriculture accounts for roughly 95 percent of the total water used in the production 
of AB InBev’s beers. To this end, in 2012 we conducted a water risk assessment of our global barley 
supply chain, which will provide a prioritized list of areas on which to focus. Our aim is to develop a 
long-term water strategy for our supply chain.

 


Approximate percentage of total 
water used due to agriculture in the 
production of AB InBev’s beers

Our team of barley experts provides technical assistance to growers through an extensive Barley 
Growers Program. They help farmers achieve the highest quality barley with the best yields and lowest 
costs. The optimum use of natural resources is an important component of this, providing not only 
environmental benefits, but also economic and social advancements. Helping our growers achieve 
greater yields with less water, fertilizer and pesticide reduces our supply chain risk, creates economic 
opportunity for independent, local farmers and helps to reduce the overall environmental impact of 
our products.
 
 

Researching winter barley varieties that take better advantage of available moisture and 
spring varieties that are more drought resistant, enabling larger harvests using the same or 
less chemicals, water and fertilizer. In the United States, in southern Idaho, we introduced 
specially adapted winter barley varieties that require 20 percent less water than regular  
varieties, saving more than 1.5 billion liters of water during one growing season.

Introducing barley varieties from our own breeding program or partnerships with other  
breeders that have yield capacities five to 15 percent higher than existing varieties.

Studying barley varieties that are disease resistant, reducing the need for pesticides.

Engaging stakeholders through technical meetings and partnerships with growers, 
agricultural research organizations, government agriculture ministries, and agro-chemical  
companies, to explore opportunities to reduce impacts.


In Brazil, we are exploring the benefits of crop rotation of barley and maize and donating tree  
saplings to barley growers to create green belts around fields to help protect crops from wind  
damage, increase biodiversity and help sequester CO2.


Partnering with Transportation and Logistics Providers

AB InBev is engaged in a number of unique initiatives designed 
to reduce the Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions associated with 
the transportation of our products, a service provided primarily by 
third-party companies. We have been tracking this in Brazil and the 
United States for a number of years, and recently became involved 
in a unique initiative in our Western Europe Zone sponsored by the 
Flemish Institute for Logistics.




AB InBev Earns 
Lean and Green Certification 
Lean and Green is a government-funded program that was developed by the Dutch 
company Connekt and launched in the Netherlands in 2007. The program expanded in 
2012 to Belgium and Italy. The program is designed to encourage supply chain partners 
and their logistics service providers to work in concert to reduce their CO2e emissions. AB 
InBev was invited to join the inaugural group of Dutch participants by one of our large 
customers, Makro, which operates an international chain of warehouse club stores.

Participating in the Lean & Green program requires 
committing to at least a 20-percent reduction of CO2e 
emissions within five years and submitting a detailed plan  
of action for achieving that target. As part of our dream 
to be the Best Beer Company in a Better World, AB InBev 
chose to stretch that goal a bit and commit to a 25-percent 
reduction. AB InBev is pleased to be among the first 
companies in Belgium to earn the Lean & Green certification, 
a designation presented to us and other program 
participants by the Flemish minister-president.


AB InBev expects to apply the techniques deployed and lessons learned from our Lean & 
Green participation to other parts of the world. Not only has it helped us reduce our overall 
CO2e footprint, but it has cut our logistics costs significantly. 


Providing Greener Refrigeration Options
We are making significant progress on reducing the environmental impacts of refrigeration units  
we provide to retailers and other outlets, where legal, by switching to lower greenhouse gas potential 
refrigerants and using LED lighting and energy management devices to lower energy use. Our 
Western Europe Zone is leading this effort and now has more than 10,000 units in place. Other Zones 
are exploring similar opportunities where the technology is available and meets the specific needs  
of the market.

Managing Biodiversity

Our environmental efforts – especially our work to protect and  
improve watersheds – have a positive impact on biodiversity. 
Several of our facilities maintain a portion of their property to  
benefit native plants and animals, improve their local environments 
and promote biodiversity through on-site education, awareness, 
research and conservation projects. Our operations in Brazil have 
a number of notable examples:

Guarulhos Brewery 


In 2012, the Guarulhos brewery entered into a partnership with the Environmental Secretary of 
Guarulhos and the Instituto Brasileiro do Meio Ambiente e dos Recursos Naturais Renováveis (IBAMA) 
to study the puma concolor. The puma is classified as “vulnerable” by the Ministry of Environment, 
Water Resources and the Legal Amazon. The goal of the project is to record habitat use and feeding 
habits, estimate the density and life span of pumas in urbanized areas, and identify where they cross 
well-traveled highways.


Santa Helena Farm
Near the city of Maués, State of Amazonas, our 2,644-acre Santa Helena Farm features the largest 
genetic database of guaraná fruit in the world, with more than 70,000 cultivated plants. Half of this 
area is used to study improvements in the fruit and half is set aside as an environmental reserve.

Brahma Tree-Planting Partnership
In 2012, our Brahma soft drink unit developed the project Alegria no pé é floresta de pé ( Joy is 
standing in the forest). In connection with this project, Brahma will plant 100 trees for every goal 
scored in Brasileirão, a Brazilian soccer championship, as well as make other environmental 
investments. During the 2012 Brasileirão, 25 goals were scored, inspiring Brahma to commit to 
planting 2,500 trees. Additionally, in partnership with the Institute of Ecological Research, Brahma 
will invest 3 million USD in tree planting, conservation, education and job creation leading up to the 
World Cup 2014.

Compliance
Any deficiencies in Anheuser-Busch InBev operations identified by regulators are promptly corrected, 
and, if necessary, changes are made to our management system to avoid recurrence. In 2012, we paid 
39,400 USD in environmental fines.

Strengthening and improving communities 
is a fundamental part of who we are as a 
company. Recognizing that AB InBev’s 
success is directly tied to the success of our 
communities, we know the places where 
we live and work are the keys to becoming 
the Best Beer Company in a Better World.



Through our charitable foundations, volunteer programs, unique 
community partnerships and other efforts, we provide support 
for individuals and families around the world. We also mobilize 
resources to support our communities during disaster and 
emergency situations, providing assistance to both victims and 
relief workers. And that’s in addition to the worldwide positive 
impact of the jobs we create and the wages and taxes we pay.

Economic Contributions  
3.2B (USD) in wages and salaries paid to employees 

3.1B (USD) in capital expenditures on our facilities, distribution network and systems 
around the world – investments that generate jobs and local economic growth

12 B (USD) in excise and income taxes paid

Volunteerism and Support

As a key component of our Better World vision, we are committed 
to helping our employees make personal connections to people 
and causes by providing a formal volunteerism structure.


“Cervecería y Maltería Quilmes, together with Asociación 
Conciencia, promotes and develops actions focused on 
communities nearby their production plants. Participants donate 
their time to carry out the activities proposed for the volunteer 
work day. The goal is to foster social work, strengthen the link 
with the community and achieve a better involvement of its 
employees with the community needs.”

Soledad Gomez, Manager Inclusión Social, Asociación Conciencia NGO

China’s Hope Schools


In addition, the Suqian Hope School in Jiangsu Province opened in 2012, the seventh such school we 
have supported in China. In addition to books, supplies, physical education equipment and a 
library, we also provided office equipment and worked with a uniform company to design and 
provide new school uniforms.


Gente Que Ayuda (People Who Help) Volunteering Program 
Our Cervecería y Maltería Quilmes colleagues in Argentina created an ambitious action plan to 
increase employee volunteerism in local communities, offering employees a diverse range of 
projects to support. 


Germany Day of Caring
AB InBev employees in Germany celebrated our commitment to communities by holding a “Day of 
Caring,” in which we partnered with community agencies to create volunteer projects specifically for 
AB InBev employees.


Budweiser Invests in Grassroots Football
As part of Budweiser’s sponsorship of The Football Association (FA) Cup, Budweiser will invest 
£1million (1.5 million USD) directly into grassroots football in the United Kingdom during the 
next two seasons.

A long-standing supporter of football around the world, including the FIFA World Cup, Copa 
América and The FA Cup, we understand the vital role football plays in bringing together 
communities around the world, as well as the importance of grassroots football in developing 
future football heroes. 

Through the Budweiser Club Futures initiative, eight grants will be made during the 2012-13 season, 
with an additional eight grants being made during the 2013-14 season. Within each season, one of 
the eight clubs chosen will win an additional £100,000 (150,000 USD) grant, as determined by fan 
voting on The FA Cup and Budweiser UK Facebook pages. 

Disaster Relief  

This included support in the wake of Superstorm Sandy, when we swiftly deployed more than 
1 million cans of drinking water to affected residents. The Anheuser-Busch Foundation also 
announced a 100,000 USD donation to the American Red Cross to assist with on-the-ground 
support for disaster relief workers and victims of the storm.


The plant takes scrap can lids and provides them to Pros for Africa. The organization then works with 
local community groups that volunteer to pull the tabs from the lids. Pros for Africa transports the 
tabs to Sister Rosemary in Uganda. Then the women from the tailoring center use the tabs to create 
trendy, environmentally friendly handbags, which are then brought back to the United States and sold. 
The profit from the purses is given back to the Ugandan women, providing a way for them to help 
support themselves. The plant has been working with the organization since 2010 and has donated 
approximately 700,000 lid tabs. The purses are available for online purchase.


Charitable Foundations
Through charitable foundations associated directly or indirectly with AB InBev, we reach out to our 
employees and groups in need. We contribute to community organizations and touch countless 
individual lives, with a focus on supporting education, the environment, economic development and 
disaster preparedness.


The InBev-Baillet Latour Fund, an independent philanthropic association in Belgium created 
by Alfred de Baillet Latour in 1974, donated nearly 3.5 million EUR (4.7 million USD) in 2012. The 
Fund awards prizes, study grants or gifts that encourage accomplishments in the fields of science, 
education and the arts. Since 2006, the Fund has also supported activities and individuals who 
advance the spirit of the Olympic Games.

The Verhelst Foundation in Belgium provided 1.69 million EUR (2.25 million USD) in 2012 to 
help AB InBev employees in Western Europe deal with hardships and extraordinary health expenses, 
as well as to operate a confidential counseling service and provide scholarships for employees’ 
children. The Verhelst Foundation is an independent organization that was created in 1949 to 
support company employees.

The Zerrenner Foundation provides support for our Brazil employees and their dependents, as 
well as members of the community. In 2012, the Foundation invested 200 million Brazilian real (102 
million USD) that benefited some 79,130 people throughout the country. This investment includes 
funding a hospital and dental plan; 1,087 scholarships; 16,986 school supplies; and the distribution 
of 32,524 food baskets and 18,028 Christmas toys.


Great people are the foundation, not only 
of our business, but of our three pillars 
of corporate citizenship. Recognizing this, 
we strive to attract and retain the best 
talent available. 



Ownership and Performance

Aligned with our Better World vision, our ownership culture is 
based on the principle that our people must be responsible and 
accountable for results. Having the right people in the right roles 
at the right time enables us to improve productivity and continue 
to invest in our business, which in turn ultimately strengthens our 
social responsibility initiatives.

We support this culture with performance targets and a compensation model that are based 
on that same accountability. Employees have the opportunity to earn significant variable 
compensation (in addition to their base compensation) when they achieve clearly defined 
stretch targets.

It’s an approach that attracts motivated people who relish a challenge and who thrive in a 
merit-based environment. We believe that when people are encouraged to do their best work, 
every person within our organization can succeed.

Career Advancement and Engagement
Because we believe in clearly defined performance goals, we know that effective performance 
measurement and tracking are critical to driving results within our company. One of our most 
important tools is the Organization and People Review (OPR), which is supported by an automated 
system that maintains data on the skills, credentials and achievements of more than 26,000 
managers across the company.

In addition to recording the results of performance evaluations, the OPR allows us to identify 
employees with the skills necessary for various jobs and assignments, including key functional 
skills, educational backgrounds and language proficiency.

This capability not only serves the company’s needs, but also establishes more clearly defined 
career opportunities for our people, enabling us to promote people to more challenging roles 
of increasing responsibility. All of our employees receive regular reviews and feedback on their 
performance. Approximately 30 percent of our total employee population completes a formal 
“360/180” competency appraised based on their leadership level.



As part of our commitment to engage each employee in accomplishing our company’s goals, 
we conduct an annual cycle of team meetings. These gatherings not only help to ensure team 
alignment with our goals, but also give us an opportunity to gather employee feedback on 
ways we can improve.

Anheuser-Busch InBev University (ABIU)
In 2012, 46,996 employees across all Zones participated in a combined total of more than 1.4 million 
hours of training – an average of about 32 hours per employee. All training and development programs 
are designed to provide strategic direction, structure and consistency across the company as part of 
Anheuser-Busch InBev University (ABIU). ABIU is built upon three key areas of learning:

Leadership and Culture
We empower our employees to pursue both personal and professional growth. These programs serve 
to cultivate strong roots in leadership and encourage them to go above and beyond to advance their 
careers. Initiatives include our Executive Board of Management Education; the Senior Leadership 
Convention; Leadership, Performance and Change; and Business, Leading and Managing@ABI.

Method 
We provide our people with the fundamental tools they need to manage and support their 
teams and solve problems effectively. These programs include our White Belt, Green Belt, Black 
Belt and Master Black Belt, Lean Foundation, Lean Facilitator and Master Train-the-Trainer programs. 
There are currently nine Master Black Belts and more than 60 Master Trainers across all six Zones.


In 2012, we selected 136 trainees for the program from more than 129,000 applicants worldwide. 
After the training, candidates are placed into full-time positions within our global organization. Since its 
inception in Brazil in 1990, about 1,400 trainees around the world have come through the program, 
many of whom are now senior AB InBev leaders.

The unique backgrounds, perspectives and experiences of our 
employees are among the most important keys to our success. 
Our commitment to equal employment opportunity, diversity and inclusion is a defining value that 
helps make our company a great place to work, while also guiding and enriching our relationships 
with customers and the communities we serve. It’s only by treating all people with respect and valuing 
our differences, that we can all reach our fullest potential.

As a leading international business, we are committed to ensuring that employment and career 
development opportunities are made available without regard to race, color, religion, disability, 
sexual orientation or creed. It’s a commitment that is highlighted in our employment regulations, 
our Code of Business Conduct and our commitment to the United Nations Global Compact.

At the end of 2012, we employed approximately 118,000 full-time, seasonal and temporary 
employees worldwide. Of our full-time employees, approximately 20 percent were female and 80 
percent male. The average employee age was approximately 36 years old. The average length of 
service was approximately eight years. About 62 percent of employees worked in blue-collar jobs, 
while 38 percent worked in white-collar jobs.

To further our commitment to diversity and support AB InBev’s business objectives in the 
United States, we have Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) that provide education, awareness, 
and professional growth and development opportunities for our diverse family of employees.


World Safety Day
Although safety is a year-round focus, we take extra time to celebrate safety during our Supply safety 
days and during the International Labor Organisation’s World Safety Day on April 28. In 2012, we 
focused the celebration on internal transport and commuting safety under the theme “Drive Safely at 
Home and at Work.” The emphasis on commuting safety extended throughout the year as part of our 
regular safety excellence programs and in special defensive driving courses offered to our employees 
in several Zones.


Safety Performance  
Fatalities 
Supply
We regret to report four fatal accidents by contractors working in our Supply area, including three 
fatalities from two truck crashes, in 2012. The fourth fatality occurred when a contractor fell from a 
roof while making repairs.   

Second Tier/Sales
We regret to report 11 fatal accidents in our Second Tier/Sales areas. This includes six employees 
and five contractors. Eight of the fatalities were vehicle-related. Two employees died during 
armed robberies and one fatality occurred in a fall. 

While we are guided daily by our safety pillar within our second tier/sales operations, we have taken 
additional steps to improve and maintain effective safety management — including the sharing of 
best practices with our contractors — to help prevent and avoid such tragic events.

Commuting
In 2011, we started to track employee injuries while commuting between work and home. In 2011, 
there were 16 fatalities reported.  In 2012, we reported four fatalities while commuting – two in Asia 
Pacific, one in Latin America North and one in Latin America South. In several Zones, we provide the 
same safe-driver training for all other employees as we require for those who drive vehicles for their 
daily jobs. We believe these strong efforts to educate our employees on safe driving and seatbelt use 
are having a positive impact. 

Lost-Time Injuries (LTI)/Frequency Rate

Supply
Thanks to our VPO safety protocols and other initiatives, the number of LTIs has decreased 54 
percent since 2009 and 18 percent from 2011 to 2012, including temporary and seasonal workers. 
Our target for 2012 was 21 percent. Taking into account facilities owned by Anheuser-Busch and 
InBev prior to the companies’ 2009 combination, the number of LTIs has decreased 81 percent since 
2007. During 2012, 111 of 175 AB InBev facilities recorded no LTIs, and 53 of these had gone three 
years or longer with no LTIs recorded.

In 2012, 40 contractors suffered LTIs at our facilities, a 48 percent decrease from 2011 and a 39 
percent improvement from 2009. We significantly reduced the number of contractor LTIs in our Asia 
Pacific, Latin America North and Western Europe Zones.

Second Tier and Sales
Thanks to our efforts to focus on employee safety beyond our facilities, the number of employee 
LTIs globally in the Second Tier and Sales areas decreased 8 percent from 2011 to 2012, including 
temporary and seasonal workers. Contractor LTIs in Second Tier and Sales significantly declined by 
41 percent from 2011 to 2012.

Commuting
In 2011, we recorded 192 commuting LTIs. We are aware that the actual figure might even be higher 
because we started tracking commuting on a global level in 2011 for the first time, and not all Zones 
are able to report this data. This was reduced to 189 in 2012.

Total Recordable Injuries 
Supply
In our journey to safety excellence, our focus is total recordable injuries (TRI), which is a sum of the 
LTIs, modified duty injuries (MDI) and medical treatment injuries (MTI). In 2012, we recorded 1,086 
recordable injuries – 111 LTIs, 291 MDIs and 684 MTIs.

Second Tier/Sales
Late in 2011, we started collecting MDI and MTI information across all Zones. We will continue this 
practice so that we can provide reliable Recordable Injury information. While some Zones report this 
information with some level of accuracy, we will strive for consistent reporting across all Zones.

Lost Days/Severity Rate

Supply
The number of lost days is a measure of the severity of injuries. The number of days lost due to injuries 
and the severity rate (number of lost days per 1,000,000 hours worked) increased by 7 percent from 
2011 to 2012, despite the reduction in lost-time injuries. This was due to injuries that required longer 
absences to recover.

Hazard and Incident Reporting

Supply
The facilities that implement the VPO safety initiatives focus on hazard and incident reporting 
and risk assessments, not just accident reporting. In 2012, our employees reported 248,757 
potential hazards covering both conditions and behaviors. By eliminating these hazards, we 
are able to reduce the incidents and accidents.


Corporate Governance
AB InBev’s Corporate Governance rules, which were established by our Board of Directors and 
updated in June 2012, help us properly manage our business without limiting our vision or the 
speed and flexibility of our operations. 

As a company incorporated under Belgian law and listed on the Euronext exchange in Brussels, 
AB InBev adheres to the principles and provisions of the 2009 Belgian Corporate Governance 
Code (published in March 2009), while recognizing our status as a multinational group. 

Due to the New York Stock Exchange listing of American depositary shares representing ordinary 
shares of AB InBev, the New York Stock Exchange Corporate Governance rules for Foreign Private 
Issuers are applicable to the company. AB InBev has also registered under the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. As a result, it is also subject to the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
of 2002 and to certain U.S. securities laws and regulations relating to corporate governance.

Our Corporate Governance Charter is published online and provides a comprehensive and 
transparent disclosure of the company’s governance. A full report on our corporate governance 
activities in 2012 can also be found in our company’s online annual report.

Code of Business Conduct & Compliance Program
As part of our Corporate Governance framework, we have a Global Code of Business Conduct, an 
Anti-Corruption Policy and Compliance Program that establish guidelines, education, training 
and safeguards to remind our employees of the company’s strong stance against corruption and 
non-compliant behavior and ensure that everyone in our company upholds high standards of 
integrity in all business-related activities.

The Code, Policy and our Compliance Program reinforce compliance with all laws, including 
competition, environmental and labor laws. Potential conflicts of interest, use of company assets, 
and honest and ethical conduct, including safeguards against bribery and corruption, are also 
covered. The Executive Board of Management and Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
receive regular progress reports on matters related to the Compliance Program. 

We have a number of platforms to support our Code of Business Conduct, the Anti-Corruption 
Policy and Compliance Program, including an annual online training and certification program for 
employees and global and Zone Compliance Committees, which include the participation of the 
most senior members of management. In 2012, our Board of Directors received anti-corruption and 
compliance training, which is now done on an annual basis. In addition, about 1,300 employees 
received in-person training last year. 

Where legally permissible, an independent telephone help line is available to employees 24 hours a 
day, seven days per week. Employees can also register their concerns on an anonymous basis through 
an independent website. Privacy and confidentiality reasons restrict us from publishing statistical 
details on active cases or calls, but we monitor the number and type of cases internally and provide 
regular reports to the Board’s Audit Committee.

“As the leader in CSR, AB InBev has set up 
a positive brand and social image for the 
whole industry. We believe that under the 
leadership of such an advanced enterprise, 
the whole industry will march rapidly 
into a new era of ‘self-regulation and 
responsibility’.”
Mr. Wang Yancai, hairman of China Alcoholic Drinks Industry Association

OUR PEOPLE / ABOUT ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV

About Anheuser-Busch InBev
Anheuser-Busch InBev (Euronext: ABI; NYSE: BUD), based in Leuven, Belgium, is the world’s leading 
brewer. We are also one of the top five consumer products companies and produce some of the 
world’s most iconic beers.

Our history traces back to 1366 with the founding of the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven and to 
1852 when the first Anheuser-Busch brewery was built in St. Louis, Missouri. Over the years we 
have remained sharply focused on the ideals that set us apart then, and continue to live these 
ideals today as we have grown into a global company with operations in 23 countries. Living 
these ideals, our dedicated and passionate workforce of 118,000 employees is making innovative 
and meaningful progress as we work to achieve our goal of being the Best Beer Company in 
a Better World.

AB InBev manages a portfolio of more than 200 beer brands, including three global brands; 
Budweiser, Stella Artois and Beck’s; fast-growing multi-country brands Leffe and Hoegaarden; 
and “local champions” Bud Light, Skol, Brahma, Antarctica, Quilmes, Michelob Ultra, Harbin, 
Sedrin, Klinskoye, Sibirskaya Korona, Chernigivske, Hasseröder and Jupiler, among others.

Headquarters location – Leuven, Belgium

Locations – 23 countries in six geographic Zones: North America, Latin America North,  
Latin America South, Western Europe, Central & Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific 


Recognition 
We are proud of the recognition of our company and our Better World work, both 
globally and locally, in the past year. Here are a few examples:

FORTUNE World’s Most Admired Companies 2013
No. 1 Overall – Beverage Companies
No. 1 Alcohol Company in Social Responsibility – Beverage Companies  

Century International Quality Era Award – Argentina
Cervecería y Maltería Quilmes, our Argentina business unit, was awarded with the Platinum ranking 
in this annual program of the Business Initiative Directions Awards. It is given in recognition of 
corporate achievements in leadership, quality, innovation, excellence, technology, customer 
service and prestige. 

Best 150 Companies to Work For – Brazil
Ambev, our Brazil business unit, was selected by the Great Place to Work Institute in a partnership 
with Época magazine in this annual ranking. The survey –a reference regarding good management 
practices in the Brazilian market – evaluated, among other criteria, employee satisfaction and the 
trust relationship between employees and the company.  

Outstanding Enterprise Award – China
Presented by China Business News, a leading Chinese media group, this award was presented in 
recognition of our continued commitment to corporate social responsibility in China. 

GreenLight Award 2013 – Europe
Presented by the European Commission, the GreenLight Award is an initiative to annually recognize 
companies or organizations for their energy-saving efforts thanks to the installation of energy-
efficient lighting technologies. Our Western Europe operations installed five eco-efficient lighting 
projects in our Hoegaarden and Leuven breweries. These projects resulted in an average annual 
energy savings for lighting of 73 percent.  

“Top 100” for Environmental Management – Russia
SUN InBev, our Russia business unit, was recognized as a leading company in the field of environmental 
management. The “Top 100” were chosen based on recommendations from Ministry of Environment 
regional representatives on how companies have managed environmental results in the past 
three years.  

United Nations Global Compact Commitment
Anheuser-Busch InBev is a member of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC). This report 
covers our practical actions and partnerships to implement the 10 UNGC principles and serves as our 
annual Communication on Progress. A summary of these efforts is provided in a table below. We are 
also a signatory of the UNGC CEO Water Mandate. The water section of this report, found on pages 
24–29, reports our annual Communication on Progress. A summary of these efforts is provided in a 
table below.

We are also a signatory of the UNGC CEO Water Mandate. The water section of this report, found on 
pages 24–32, reports our annual Communication on Progress.


Business should support and respect the protection of 
internationally proclaimed human rights.

Our Global Code of Business Conduct prohibits human rights 
violations. In addition, we have a Responsible Sourcing Policy 
that helps drive our values down the supply chain.

Business should make sure they are not complicit in human 
rights abuses.

Find out more at our website.

Business should uphold the freedom of association and the 
effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining.

We continue to adhere to the collective bargaining agree-
ments in place across our global operations.

Employee involvement in decision making (such as via 
Workers Councils) varies across the organization. In addition, 
our Responsible Sourcing Policy recognizes the rights of 
employees to engage in collective bargaining.

Find out more at our website.

Business should support the elimination of all forms of forced 
and compulsory labor.

Our Global Code of Business Conduct and our Responsible 
Sourcing Policy prohibit these forms of labor in our own and 
our suppliers’ operations.

Business should support the effective abolition of child labor.

Find out more at our website.

Business should support the elimination of discrimination with 
respect to employment and occupation.

Our Legal and Corporate Audit departments monitor 
legal compliance and conformity with the principles of 
non-discrimination.

Our Responsible Sourcing Policy addresses non-discrimination 
by our suppliers and their operations.



Business should support a precautionary approach to 
environmental challenges.

Business should undertake initiatives to promote greater 
environmental responsibility.

Business should encourage the development and
diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.

Business should work against all forms of corruption, including 
extortion and bribery.

We are working to assess and mitigate risk in water-stressed 
areas, as it relates to our own operations and in our agricultural 
supply chain. 

Additionally, our Voyager Plant Optimization (VPO) 
management system promotes best practices in brewery 
management.


Our VPO management system promotes environmental 
efficiency throughout our operations. In 2012, we reached or 
surpassed aggressive three-year environmental targets:

 » Used 3.5 hectoliters of water per hectoliter of production
 » Reduced greenhouse gas emissions by nearly 16 percent       
and energy use by 12 percent
 » Achieved a recycling rate of 99.2 percent of our solid waste

We are also finding high-value, beneficial uses for our byprod-
ucts and collaborating with suppliers and other companies to 
reduce environmental impacts. 

Find out more on pages 22, 23, 25, 31 and 35.

We aim to employ environmentally efficient brewing and 
packaging technologies, while maintaining our commitment 
to quality. Our VPO management system promotes the sharing 
of best practices throughout our operations.

Find out more on pages 23 and 31.

Our Global Code of Business Conduct strictly prohibits the 
facilitation of payments, and this is reinforced through annual 
code training. In turn, our Responsible Sourcing Policy 
addresses the business conduct of our suppliers.

This report presents Anheuser-Busch InBev’s annual update 
on key performance data and information for calendar year 
2012, and provides data on specific targets in our Better World 
Three-Year Plan approved by our Board of Directors in October 
2009. The report structure parallels our Better World focus 
areas – Responsible Drinking, Environment, Community – three 
pillars of global citizenship defined in our materiality assessment 
that are supported by our People.

Information presented encompasses AB InBev’s companywide operations, including 129 global 
breweries and soft drink facilities unless otherwise noted. Some newer and smaller beverage 
facilities are not yet included in our Voyager Plant Optimization management system. This report 
is intended to provide meaningful updates to our various stakeholder groups around the world. 
These include investors, employees, governments, NGOs, customers and consumers in the 23 
countries where we operate.

The data and stories presented were gathered and verified with the assistance of content owners 
across all functions and geographic Zones. We have consulted the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) 
Sustainability Reporting Guidelines and are self-reporting at Level B. We do not plan to seek external 
assurance for this 2012 report.

As a publicly-traded, multi-national company, our business is subject to certain risks outside of our 
control. These risks include, but are not limited to the impact of water availability, climate change, 
economic recession, negative publicity, our ability to hire and retain the best talent, government 
regulations, the reputation of our brands, the ability to make acquisitions or divest divisions, access to 
capital, volatility in the stock market, exposure to litigation and other associated risks. A more detailed 
analysis of the risks our company faces is outlined in our annual U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission Form 20-F. Additional information about AB InBev’s global greenhouse gas and 
water risks, management and performance is available through the Carbon Disclosure Project. 

For questions regarding the content of this report, please contact us at betterworld@ab-inbev.com.



THE SOLUTION
Social         
Environmental 
Economic      
Coffee Bean International® is more than a coffee roaster.  
Development      
We strive to be coffee with a conscience. We take an  
innovative approach at every point in the supply chain— 
from relationships with growers to materials sourcing 
to product distribution to waste recycling. And, at each 
point, we examine the challenges so we can make a 
difference. In our decisions, we are guided by our values. 
We seek balanced solutions socially, environmentally, 
and economically. Do more with less. And do it as a team.
 

We pledge to develop 
strategies that link people, 
process, product, place, 
and profits, meeting the 
needs of the present without 
compromising the welfare of 
future generations. Through 
this mission, we commit to 
reduce waste, reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions, 
pursue renewable energy 
options, educate our 
employees and our 
community, unify 
stakeholders, affect 
positive social change, 
and foster creativity.

A Defining Moment 
Thank you for your attention to our sustainability report. This document is our first crack at 
communicating (to anyone who cares) our quantitative and qualitative performance in 
sustainability throughout the supply chain. Our hope is that you learn something about us 
and, more importantly, that you learn something about how we can all re-think our approach 
to business so that our collective impact on the environment is less, and our collective social 
responsibility is more. 

As we’ve gone about our business of carbon footprint measurement and reporting, and 
building programs to improve social conditions at origin countries, we’ve learned that there are 
no reporting standards, and that in this industry, like all industries, “greenwashing” is the norm. 
So without any reporting rules in place, we aim for total transparency so you can understand 
what we measured, and what we didn’t measure. And, we try to lay out our results in a way that 
holds us accountable to our hard-to-achieve goals.

In this document, which reflects fiscal year 2009 and 2010 (July to June), you can dive deep 
into specific initiatives grouped into two categories: Social and Environmental/Economic. Or, 
review our performance at a glance in our Sustainability Scorecard.

As of the time of this publication, we are very pleased with our results. Going forward, however, 
we know there is a lot of work to do. We invite you to provide us with any constructive feedback  
by emailing sbeaubien@coffeebeanintl.com.

Thank you,

Project S.E.E.D.

about

Company moved to Portland 
to focus on developing a 
wholesale business.
1976

Partnered with Mercy Corps 
to benefit coffee farmers in 
Central America.
2003

Launched Public 
Domain coffee bar in 
downtown Portland.

Finalist for BEST 
Sustainability Award.

2010

Initiated partnership 
with Coffee Kids.
1990

Founding member 
of Northwest Shade 
Coffee Campaign.
1996

1972
Founded in Eugene, 
OR, as one of the 
country’s first 
specialty roaster-
retailers.

1982
Founding member of 
the Specialty Coffee 
Association of America.

First specialty roaster in 
the U.S. to be certified 
organic by OCIA.

2000
One of the first 
Fair Trade coffee 
roasters in the U.S.

2008

Designed and built 
first LEED® Silver 
certified roasting 
facility in the Pacific 
Northwest.

1991
Won the Portland 
Cup for the best cup 
of coffee in town.


social
Coffee Bean International® encourages respect for humanity 
throughout the entire value chain. We promote fair, safe, and 
healthful environments within the company, within our local 
community, and beyond. Through our business practices we aspire 
to unify stakeholders (employees, customers, suppliers, peers, and 
shareholders) to affect positive social change and foster creativity. 
We believe our biggest impact will be a large-scale effort to improve 
coffee quality globally, which will improve the social equity of millions 
of coffee growers and increase the attention paid to critical elements 
of high-quality coffee, such as green canopy, natural fertilizer, water 
quality, and organic composting. (See page 8 for our Sustainability Scorecard.)

environmental & economic
Coffee Bean International® moved in September 2008 to a new facility, which is a repurposed warehouse 
that was customized around our core competency: artisan batch coffee roasting at scale. We are the first 
coffee roaster in the Northwest and second nationally to achieve LEED® certification for a roastery. In 
addition to the efficiencies of our LEED-certified building, we are proud of the massive reduction of pounds 
delivered into the waste stream and a reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions per pound of roasted 
coffee. Thanks to the guidance of the City of Portland Bureau of Planning and Sustainability and Climate 
Smart, we are moving in the right direction to lessen our impact. (See page 8 for our Sustainability Scorecard.)

We track our impact in three key areas:



Percentage of coffee from Fair Trade Certified™ farms
Percentage of coffee from Direct Trade farms
Coffee stewardship- donation per employee, annually
Farm visits





key partners
“Sustainability is an important part of our coffee portfolio and the support provided by Coffee Bean 
International is key to achieving our mission.” 

– Bill Wilson
Director of Specialty Coffee, Nordstrom, Inc. 

“Thanks to the Coffee Bean International commitment to clean, renewable, wind energy, over five million pounds 
of pollution associated with fossil fuels have been kept out of the atmosphere. Over the last several years,
the company has been responsible for supporting enough clean wind energy to power over 4,000 average 
American homes for an entire month.”

– Heidi Eggert,
VP of Marketing, Bonneville Environmental Foundation

“Coffee  Bean  International  demonstrates  its  leadership  through  its  commitment  to  ongoing  tracking  and 
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and in its willingness to share its experience and knowledge gained 
with businesses just beginning to manage their carbon footprint.”

– Michelle Bonner,
Director Training, Climate Smart


looking forward

“Coffee Bean 
International® 
has established 
tremendous 
leadership in 
advancing 
sustainability 
both in their 
business and 
as a model for 
the industry. 
The scale 
of their 
commitment 
is without 
parallel.” 

  – Bill Mikesell,                        
     Portland Roasting

2011 Goals:
•	 Achieve carbon neutrality

•	 Engage in international sustainability policy

•	 Nurture sustainability culture

•	 Continue reduction strategies

•	 Create sustainable purchasing policy

•	 Employ material source reduction in packaging

•	 Pursue packaging with at least 85% renewable resources

•	 Initiate transition to become a paperless company


